---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2015-04-22
---

## Venue: 215.100 

## Start: 6:02

## Attendance

### Committee
  * Josh Batchelor
  * Adam Parsons
  * Luke Mercuri
  * Nathaniel Roach
  * Jasmine Quek
  * Bradley Schoone
  * Kye Russell

### Guests
  * Jordan Sinclair 
  * Jessica Skoog
  * Angus Campbell


### Apologies
  * Jacob Chapman


## Delan's Departure
  * Delans parting email said Brad should take chair
  * We didnt have an SGM, we didn't make quorum
  * Brad makes motion, do we accept Delan's second email (elect Kye)
    * Josh seconds
    * 2/3/1 Fails
  * Second Vote
   * Do we want to elect Brad as pres/VP on a temporary basis to fill in that role 
     * Josh moved the motion, Luke seconds
     * 4/0/2
     * Brad is now acting President until such time as an SGM is successfully held
   * Motion, elect VP: Kye, under the same reasoning and conditions
     * Moved Brad
     * 4/1/1/
     * Kye is now acting VP
  * At this time, we may now make quorum and leave this current form of discussion
  * Meeting is in order

## Treasury Report
  * Not up yet, gonna split costs and profit with OAC
  profit
  * I thought the box was clean, had $150 in there, using JMO's numbers we can sort it out
  Pool was down, $150~
  should be up tomorow when OAC get back to josh
*/

## SGM
  * Didnt make quorum
  * No one has been elected as a result
  * We need to organise another SGM
  * Brad making event tonight
  * Brad: we need to do something to get people to come
  * Pizza, its a thing, soft drink too
  * Kye talk to room bookings to book us a venue
  * Starting at 12:30, Wednesday, 29th April
  * Posters - Adam
  * Pizza - Josh, get it there for 12:30
  * get ice, chuck in the freezer, do it early though - Josh
  * Adam will make const committs a thing
  * Vote on the block changes, then if failed do parts commit by commit

  * Jasmine left at 6:45


## Old Minutes
  * Should do it again
  * 5/0/2 Its good
  * People abstained to voting on accepting minutes due to having not read yet
  * To be published tonight
  * https://www.comssa.org.au/minutes/2015-04-02/

## Make Minutes Available Immediately
  * This has been dropped until another meeting

## Make Agenda Public
  * This has also been dropped until another meeting

## Action Items
  * Brad + Nathaniel + Adam: Gather to organise Hack Sub-committee
    * Nothing done as of yet
  * Luke: Pool tips and maintenance delegation
    * Done 
  * Brad: Contact Adam Watkins 
    * Contacted Adam Watkins about YOW! West and asked to be kept in the loop. He replied and said sure thing
  * Delan: Ask Diamond Cyber about potential speakers
    * nope, and wont be seeing for 3 weeks
  * Josh: Send a nice email to the TFTI Speakers higher ups :)
    * Completely forgot
    * Will be awkwardly late, but still do
  * Jasmine: Contact ThoughtWorks
    * Persons who Jasmine talked to has moved, so Jasmine will talk to perth branch again
  * Delan: Make sure forms go out for rock climbing
    * it got put on the event
  * Delan: Sort out SSL
    * Bought a wildcard from gandi
    * hsts is still a thing, but we're gonna look at LetsEncrypt towards the end of the year
  * First Aid
    * We missed out
    * Due to its expense elsewhere, going to drop for now


## Past Events

### LAN
  * Easter kinda killed it
  * Turnout wasn't great, apparently its the worst LAN every year based on historical data
  * Had some new members that had never been to LANs before
  * Consoles were like the best thing ever, no we're serious, that room was the most fun thing, definitely doing again
  * Nathaniel get prizes box off Delan
  * Buy 4x 360 controllers (knockoffs) for the club to use at LAN's, they work with emulators and things

### Rock Climbing
  * Organisation by ComSSA was bad
  * There was a good turnout and it was a good mix of ComSSA and Outdoor Activities At Curtin people
  * BBQ also went well, we managed to feed all people there along with other climbers in the centre
  * We had the issue of committee who were organising it, deciding at last minute not to go/show up, thus leaving other committee to pick up the pieces
  * Not only is this unfair to committee, but also looks very bad on us when trying to build connections with other clubs
  * We didn't do drinks, even though we promised
  * Made us look pretty bad
  * Having people minuted to events is good
  * People who dont normally show up came
  * Cross event was good, we should have more

## Future Events

### Pot Black
  * Booked for 7-9
  * Charging 10 for members, 15 for non-members
  * its gonna cost ~$160
  * Its already organised
  * Action item: making poster, printing - Luke
  * It's the Cannington Pot Black
  * Jordan Sinclair talking to Josh about shilling the event
  * Friday May 1st
  * Bump the facebook post - Luke

### Cricket
  * We have to drop it, they'll go without us, it is gonna be the same time as re-scheduled SGM

### Google IO
  * Luke and Brad will go and ask amanda to book the Eng Pav
  * Booking the ground floor
  * If we cant get it, we'll drop our involvement, but still shill it

## Glenn Butcher
  * Make a google form to ask for questions - Adam
  * Adam will talk to Hannes, let him know we're still interested

## Raymond Robotics Event
  * Adam will send email to Ray saying sorry about our non-involvement for the event described in his email
  * We really still want to get involved, but none of us feel like we know enough to actually be of any use

## PMS
  * Kye to talk to UCC

## Video Games Night
  * Everyone totally forgot, we missed it
  * Adam wants to reschedule it
  * It's considered one of our informal events, so no heavy shilling


## New Action Items
  * Adam: do posters for SGM
  * Adam: Talk to hannes about Glenn Butcher
  * Adam: do constitutional diffs, make easy to read
  * Adam: investigate time to reschedule Video Games Night
  * Adam: Make a google form to ask for Glenn Butcher questions
  * Adam: Tell Raymond we cannot participate in the robotics event
  * Brad make SGM event
  * Jasmine: reach out to new ThoughtWorks contact
  * Josh: get pizza, and ice
  * Josh: Send out emails to employers thanking them for the TFTI talks, include pictures 
  * Kye: talk to room bookings, book us an SGM
  * Kye: Kye to talk to UCC further about PMS
  * Luke: Print poster for potblack
  * Luke: Bump facebook post for potblack
  * Adam + Brad + Nathaniel: Hack 
  * Brad + Luke: Ask amanda for IO Booking


## Finish: 7:36

