---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2018-08-07
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.224

## Date: 2018-08-07

## Start: 2:00p.m. 

## Attendance

### Committee

* Nehal Ghuman
* Ashtyn Antulov
* Yi Juin Lim
* Jeremy Ciccarelli
* Christian Brunette
* Jim Dawes
* Sam Bray
* Simeon Leatherland
* Jorel Paddick

### Guests

* Luke Tan
* Sean Reeves
* Chris Neighbour
* Patrick Crawford

### Apologies

* Isaac Waugh
* Lincoln Short

### Absent

* none

## Old Minutes

* none

## Old Action Items

### Event calendar for semester 2

* done 

### ComSSA Talks

* vim talks. planning going good

### Computing Discord

* difficult to remove association, cause its not comssa's
* need to find out who to talk to

### Guild Day Booth

* signed up 40 people
* great success
* we have in total almost 300 members now

### Computing Orientation

* went good 
* told them about revision sessions as well

### Specified roles for Committee Members

* Jeremy will repost on comssa jobs. good service for second and third years students for having a centralised place

* Someone dedicated to handle MSDN/MS Imagine - Jim

### Missing stuff

* sorted

### Room Bookings for Revision Sessions

* have the dates
* UCP booked, waiting for reply
* still need to book OOPD and DSA
* Luke volunteered to run FCS for test 1
  * will need to write worksheet
  * need to talk to Wan Quan

## Treasury Report
- link: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1qOOlaEOmo2tl2U8R3g0RsSXynDVvT2fU
- Ending: 2018-07-31 (31 days)
- revenue: $723.54
  - $632.00 - pool table
  - $10.00 - Tickets
  - $40.00 - Memberships
  - $41.54 - TidyHQ Tickets/Memberships
- expenditure: $348.00
  - $348.00 - Quarterly PAYG
- discrepancy: $0.00
- deposit: $0.00 (pending)
- balance: $17,310.51

## Agenda Items

### AGM

* 10th October 
* put up ads and set up forms 
* Ash will be in charge

### Adventure World

* will be going ahead and book 30 
* first monday after exams

### Safe

* need to move it 
* same goes for our networking equipment 
* someone needs to talk to someone in the department - Ash 

### Follow up with Hana and Mark about lab space

### Tax

* compiled the stuff
* need to ask Isaac
* if anyone is good with Tax please help

### Diamond Cyber contribution to student base

* Luke Healy emailed Nehal on contributing to student
* Jorel will be in charge 


## Past Events

### O-Week

* went well

### Bounce

* turnout wasn't as much
* 20 people



## Upcoming Events

### Game Jam - Isaac

* not happening

### Laser Tag

* going good
* tickets are being sold
* add people to it 

### AGM

* Ash is taking over

### Revision sessions

* in progress, need to book rooms for some units

### Vim talk - Link

* almost ready to book a room 
* no food

### Quiz Night - Ash

  * Questions need to be written (Jeremy)
  * Food ordering
  * Volunteers for event
  * Prizes
  * Advertising
  * SamB - MC
  * catering grant $300

### TFTI

* Speakers: Hivint, PWC, EY
* need to submit EMP

## General Discussion

### Staff meeting â€“ should the club be involved?

* didn't happen at the start of this year

### What happened to the..

  * Macquarie sponsorship
  * Inter club Olympics
  * Partnership with NIT
  * Rocket engineering project
  * Debate club inter-faculty debate


### ComSSA Future

* lots of system for ComSSA
* need to start looking at what systems (and events as well) we keep. not just doing it cause we have always done it
* events every 2 weeks at the start should be fine, then die down in the middle, then more events at the end after semester
* start making events for the more exclusive events? limit tickets, so we dont over buy
* making events accessible for everyone, like what would everyone enjoy to do 
* comssa hoodies
  * can try it next year

### Handover system

* need to make sure everyone is up to speed 
* would be nice to tie everything to one system

### Categories email for committee to reply

* dreamspark - Jim
* industry/job stuff - Jeremy
* revision session - SamB
* misc - Ash

## New Action Items

Ash - Talk to someone in the department for place to put network equipment

## Next Meeting

* TBD

## Finish: 3:00 p.m. 