---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2015-11-14
---

##What: ComSSA Meeting

##Venue: 314.232

##Date: Saturday 2015-11-14

##Start: 6.04PM

##Attendance

### Committee
  * Jordan Chou
  * Delan Azabani
  * James Borrett
  * Jordan Sinclair
  * Connor Beardsmore
  * Darryl Chng

###Guests
  * Luke Mercuri

###Apologies
  * Nathaniel
  * Jacob
  * Adam Parsons

##Old Minutes
  * Accurate but combined for AGM and last meeting, need to be separated for 
  handover

  * Last 4 minutes are missing - need to be cleaned up and published 

##Handover
  *  Josh needs to sign form, old pres, old tres signs, new vp signs, 
  *  Need minutes signed as well
  *  Go bankwest and get form, people need to be there 
  * Get form, clean up minutes, get old pres, old tres to sign, 2 different account, can do in 1 form, make sure they know we have 2 accounts
  * Cabinet keys- no spare keys, none lost as far as we know. Brad and Josh have their keys still. 
  * Go see Sean about cardax
  * Rest is online stuff - trello, old list

## Old Action Items

###Pool Table
  * Was delegated to Nathaniel
  * Have a grace period for action items where they get delegated to someone else if not done
  * Connor could do it

##Past Events

###Adventure World
  * Great, should do again
  * Didn't rain

###UCP revision
  * Less than ideal, Delan couldn't give his lecture
  * Delan: Jason did a good job
  * 80+ people turned up, great turn out
  * Didn't have to give out free pizza
  * People came for the revision, not because there's free pizza

###Quiz Night
  * Luke: was dope, never trust online print stuff (crossword), don't let the MC get drunk and throw up
  * Prizes: Jordan S.: maybe put more money to put into it, same with future events get some baller as fuck prizes
  * catalogue was a joke prize, not because comssa is poor
  * Darryl: Could get sponsors for specific categories: Comics for Comics category

##Future Events

###Volunteering hours for study sessions
  * No hours, Mihai might take volunteers out for food
  * Some tutors may be really busy
  * Club is becoming a lot more academic

###OOPD
  * Jacob and Brad doing it

###DSA
  * Luke is doing it 
  * Jordan S. will let him know by Wednesday

###DS
  * J Mo. is doing it
  * Luke asking Denial
  * Denial cannot make it

###LAN
  * Possible to ask FRC to move to another room
  * If that doesn't pan out maybe 219 & 220
  * Jordan S.: Talked to Mihai, he says to talk to CITS
  * Luke: Talk to Mitchell
  * Darryl: We should at least try to run it

####Prizes: 
  * Steam cards, could do another raffle, 
  * Raffle: Need a committee member to go around collecting tickets and stuff
  * Prize box: In tutor's office, keep an eye on it
  * Darryl: Don't spend too much on non-academic events
  * LAN's are already a for-profit event
  * NOTE: Adventure world does not qualify for unique event grant, LAN's do, need to talk to Bec

###SEP Presentation
  * James: Boring for the most part, some things were good
  * Darryl and Connor did the pens and engraving ($225)
  * Connor hasn't been paid yet
  * Robots won (Tim and Mike)
  * Pens weren't really appreciated
  * Darryl: Interesting, in the future try do it online
  * Delan: If doing pens, have to engrave
  * Could change the prizes
  * For us, it doesn't matter

###Committee Dinner
  * Varsity is not happening
  * People aren't happy with Sizzler
  * We should find a place that all people like
  * Jordan S. can talk to the owner of DON Burg, they are opening new venue soon or buffet at casino (not Atrium)
  * Needs to be before 14th of Dec

###Meeting with the Department
  * Start of year meeting with the deparment
  * Delan wants to do another meeting
  * Maybe start of next year
  * Next year: This is what we have done, is there anything else this year
  * Room not happening

###Hacknight
  * People want to do it
  * Luke: We could train up a team for CysCA, ComSSA team
  * Have the CysCA thing in a partition, can have people come in and focus on certain parts
  * Just have to use VM's
  * Let Mihai know - do it in the meeting, talk about promoting it
  * He could give us a room to do the training in and come in and help

##Other

###Communication
* Jordan S.: List is kind of shit
* IRC: Less convenient reading scroll back
* Slack is cool, very aesthaetic, they have student plans, very cheap
* Options: Slack, Whatsapp, IRC, or some open source alternative
* VOTE: Slack or other
* 5/0/0 - For, Against, Abstain - Luke counting. Passed. JRS didn't vote
* Jordan S. will set up Slack- will send invites

###Kieran Projector
* We could lose more than we gain
* Vote: For the idea of letting Kieran borrow
* 1/4/1 - For, Against, Abstain - Luke counting. Failed

###Sponsorship
* Hannes got pizza from a family owned place
* Will discuss in later meeting
* Can evaluate other options, Domino's on Albany Highway
* Jordan S. will ask DON Burger 
* Contact Coca Cola, show them the Mother mountain, can we have a vending machine with all the different flavours
* Subway too expensive compared to pizza

###Fresher Rep
* Would essentially be an OCM
* Should get a copy from Guild (of constitution)
* Could make them unofficial but no use making it a title
* They could use the year to help to show that they are good
* Could use it to show that they are potential candidates for OCM
* Could still call them fresher reps
* Get feedback from them on lectures etc.
* Could ask all first years for feedback
* Connor: Can't have one first year speak for everyone

###Constitution
* Do we need 3, 5, 7 OCM rule since for votes we have a chairperson who can't vote
* Can't change it until an SGM/AGM
* Just have as many as we need

## New Action Items

  * Darryl talks to Josh B. and get form 
  * Delan/Jordan C. handles minute situation, separate them
  * Delan look for old ballot from last AGM
  * Delan go to security to talk to Sean
  * Delan asks Brad and Josh to hand their keys back in
  * Jordan C. upload powerpoint and questions from UCP session to Facebook
  * Darryl talk to Outreach about moving FRC to another room
  * Delan talk to Mitchell (CITS) 
  * Darryl talk to Bec (Guild) about unique event grant
  * Darryl sorts out paying Connor
  * Jordan S. will talk to Jonas (owner of DON Burg), get menu for new place + sponsorship 
  * Jordan S. set up Slack and send invites
  * Jordan C. talk to Coca Cola about Mother vending machine
  * Darryl- Choose some games, we can do a vote
  * Jordan C. make poll on ComSSA group for board games

##Next Meeting: Roughly 2 weeks

## Meeting Finish: 7.51PM