---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2014-06-12
---

## Venue: Engineering Pavilion, 215.301

## Start: <time datetime="2014-06-12T10:46Z">6:46 p.m.</time>

## Attendance

  * Callum Boyd
  * Jasmine Quek
  * Delan Azabani
  * Scott Day
  * Alexandra Bena
  * Kye Russell

## Apologies

  * Kieran Gee
  * Other apologies unknown as the mailing list was dead

## Old minutes

  * No issues

## Treasury report

  * Assume Kieran has sent them to the mailing list
  * Replace these lines with the actual report later

## Upcoming events

### LAN

  * SpeedRunners on Saturday night, 10 p.m.
  * Halo on Sunday night, 10 p.m.
  * Project M on Friday night, subject to change
  * Projector acquisition
    * We need to buy a projector preferably before the LAN
    * The TV and projector in 301 work, but seemingly not at the same time
    * The final choice of projector needs further discussion with Kieran
  * Callum and Delan will visit Security in the second week of exams
    * Committee should be given 24/7 cardax
    * Doors should be unlocked during daylight hours if possible
  * Callum will speak to Amanda about moving two couches up for the LAN
    * Prefer the grey couches near the pool table without broken armrests
  * We can store computers temporarily in the unused old ComSSA office

## Engineering clubs meeting

  * Still waiting for minutes to be released
  * There is a clubs' events meeting on 2014-07-24, 1:00 p.m.
  * Some clubs are still alleging that ComSSA is 'monopolising the clubroom'
  * State of the pavilion
    * The kitchen is very poorly kept
    * Every club will take turns cleaning the kitchen for a month at a time
    * Cleaning should occur once a week and/or as necessary
    * ComSSA will take the first month
    * Friday is a good choice for weekly cleaning
    * Bins can be emptied in the Basement cage or outside building 215
    * Jasmine will contact Amanda regarding reimbursement for expenses
    * We will initially clean the kitchen immediately after this meeting
  * Level 2 access
    * People playing LoL is ruining the environment for study
    * A sign will be placed telling people to 'be respectful'
  * Cleaning 215.104
    * This needs to happen once a month

## Meeting with Mike

  * Jasmine and Callum spoke to Mike yesterday
  * They will have another meeting three weeks into the break
  * We need to have a meeting with Gregg first
    * Do this by invting Gregg to the next ComSSA committee meeting

## Club merchandise

### Shirts

  * Jasmine emailed Kingsley at Curtin Concept
  * Quote: the $50/shirt budget should be manageable
    * With two lines of embroidery on the back, and our logo on the front
    * $39.95 + $7.95 = $47.90?
    * $39.95 + $7.95 + $5.00 = $52.90?
    * No response regarding font selection

## Pool cues/balls

  * Alex called Pool Table Man
  * Quotes were emailed into the list
    * 7′ table bumpers for $390
    * 8′ table bumpers for $440
    * Refelting for $270–300
  * A more accurate quote can be obtained by direct inspection
  * Alex will call again after the break starts
  * Delegate spare key cutting to Alex
    * Two more table keys for president and treasure
    * Two more front lock keys, and two more inner padlock keys

## CoderDojo

  * Jasmine and Kye attended last week's session
  * Things are going smoothly
  * Some mentors aren't showing up and/or are arriving late
  * Some mentors go to other rooms to chat, rather than teaching
  * Third term signups are open and we already have new mentors
  * Kye has sent an enthusiastic email to Mary, and all computing students
  * Term 3 starts 2014-08-02
  * Afterparty on Saturday 2014-06-14, 2:30 p.m. to 3:30 p.m.
    * Dave and Mike have been invited

## ECU GigaLAN

  * Date: 2014-07-04 to 2014-07-06
  * Venue: ECU Mt Lawley campus
  * Kye will share a link to the Facebook event on our group

## ComSSAtution

  * Delan needs to meet Rebecca to obtain the Guild's copy of our constitution
  * Speak to Mary and/or Mike about how to specify allowed courses for
    executives without creating an explicit whitelist
  * Investigate the issues in more detail about week 6 of next semester

## Open floor

  * Cabinet is broken
    * Stratco sells good cabinets
    * See how our budget is going at the end of this semester
    * Ask Kieran if we can afford a new one at the next meeting
  * Quiz night
    * Kye will need to contact the Tav when he gets a chance
    * To be held in teaching week 8 of next semester
      * Preferably Friday 2014-10-10
      * Alternatively Thursday 2014-10-09

## Next meeting: Friday 2014-06-27, 3:00 p.m.

## Finish: <time datetime="2014-06-12T11:31Z">7:31 p.m.</time>
