---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2017-03-19
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.231A

## Date: 2017-03-19

## Start: 3:05pm

## Attendance

### Committee
- Jordan Chou
- Connor Beardsmore
- Jordan Van Elden
- Josh Yeo
- Luke Mercuri
- Luke Healy
- Jordan Yeo
- Sam Stoddard
- Adam Parsons
- Ashtyn Antulov

### Guests

### Apologies
- Jean Lim

### Absent

## Old Minutes
- Treasury report incomplete
- Not on ComSSA website yet, ling is down
    - Authentication broken

## Old Action Items
- Connor speak to Hannes about quiz
    - not yet
- Connor do Microsoft TFTI posters
    - done
- Connor email Sean about TFTI
    - done
    - Sean will do if free
- Jordan C TFTI room booking
- Luke M email Alison about TFTI
- Luke M to message Bankwest
    - Messaged, in progress of organising
- Connor update guild logo on things
    - done
- Jordan V update minutes to have logos
    - done, just not on website yet
- Ashtyn ask about demand for hardware recycling

## Treasury Report
- Still incomplete from last meeting
- Josh still sorting out numbers and tax

### Tax returns
- Josh has documentation to finish registry
- Need rest of exec to fill out forms
- Need updated AGM minutes
- Might not be worth putting money in term deposit, might need to pay back money
- Not re-enrol before it's done

## Agenda Items

### Common Room
- Ashtyn emailed Nic back
    - CC'd Hannes
    - Can forward to committee
- Biggest priority more study space
- Nic asked for info
    - Numbers on room attendance
    - Numbers on revision session attendance
    - Failure rates
    - Can contact Hannes for more failure stats
- Mark can talk to Nic
- Waves being made slowly
- Still need to send photos
    - Of lab space being full
    - People not having space to study
    - Provide evidence it has been an issue for years

## Past Events

### Ice Skating
- Great turnout
    - 53 attendance
    - 2 no shows
    - Losing around $7 per ticket
    - Lost $250 to $300 
        - not bad considering turnout
- No posters
    - Success with word of mouth

### Clubs Carnival
- We didn't attend
    - Same time as Microsoft talk

### Microsoft TFTI
- Went very well
- Room (314.224) was full
- Daniel gave great presentation
- Recording was good quality

### OOPD Revision 1
- Around 115-120 turnout
- Over room capacity
- Gave out ComSSA stickers

## Upcoming Events

### TFTI
- April 5th
- Speakers
    - Confirmed Paul
    - Sam knows some at IBM
        - Will talk to them
    - Sean should be coming
    - Bankwest likely, hasn't confirmed yet
    - Stefan
        - Could give security related talk
    - Not Atlassian this semester
    - Get people confirmed by this week
    - Maybe limit to 3 or 4 speakers
- Availabilities
- Advertising
    - Connor doing posters

### LAN
- Have rooms 314.215 and 216
- Availabilities
- Setup
    - Need to make sure/test we have internet access
    - 2nd room depending on attendance
        - Too many people may cause power issues
        - 2nd room for sleeping/board games/consoles
- Networking
    - Adam knows about previous internet issues
    - Between 2 rooms
- Prizes
    - Decent prizes
        - Many split among tournaments
        - Instead of one large prize
        - Will increase happiness
    - Vouchers
        - Two steam cards left over
            - May have expired
            - Could create a steam account and send game as gift
    - Door prizes
        - Get rid of some old prizes
- Tournaments
    - Plan and run
    - Need to know beforehand for Beep Boop
    - Ideas for tournaments
        - Quiplash
        - Halo
        - Flatout 2
        - Overcooked
- Make money from selling drinks
    - Adam will bring fridge again
    - Presale tickets
        - Free early tickets (first 20)
        - $5 for tickets after that
- Advertising
    - Luke M doing poster
        - Can be out in next few days
    - Facebook event
    - Tidyclub
    - Word of mouth
- Security
    - Jordan C will call
- Theme
    - Sleep is for the weak
    - V or Redbull can supply drinks
        - Adam can contact V reps

### Revision Sessions
- ISE Test 1
    - Sam can run
    - Sam, Luke M, Luke H and Jordan Y (ISE tutors) can attend
- DSA Midsemester
    - Luke H and Connor
    - Jordan Y and Luke M can help
- OOPD Test 2
    - Just had test 1 session
    - This one can wait
- FOP Midsemester
    - Probably won't run a session
    - As unit is for non computing students
    - But ask Valerie if she would like us to run it

## General Discussion

## New Action Items
- Adam - look at fixing Ling
- Sam - email IBM about TFTI
- Connor - TFTI poster
- Luke M - LAN poster
- Jordan C - call security for LAN
- Adam - contact V reps
- Sam - plan for ISE revision session
- Luke H - speak to Valerie about FOP revision session

## Next Meeting
- Try to have one before LAN

## Finish: 4:07pm