---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2015-12-19
---

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 215.104

## Date: 2015-12-19

## Start: 12:22PM

## Attendance

### Committee
  * Darryl Chng
  * Connor Beardsmore
  * Delan Azabani
  * James Borrett
  * Jordan Chou

### Apologies
  * Adam Parsons
  * Nathaniel Roach
  * Jacob Chapman

## Old Minutes
  * Fine, has a few typos

## Treasury Report
  * "good, should do again" - Darryl
  * https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B3DjuQxrO3TYWkhfdkVBTHN2LWc/view
  * Duration: 14 days
  * Opening balance: $3246.39
  * Income: $0.00
  * Expenditure: $598.02
    * Biggest was pool table mechanism $240.0
    * ethernet $88.0
    * AWS $73.34
  * Expected closing: $2648.37
  * Actual Closing: $2648.37
  * Discrepency: $0.0

## Old Action Items
* Delan look for old ballot from last AGM (old)
	* Given up for now
* Darryl needs to talk to Bankwest (old)
	* Done, need Darryl and Jacob to sign form at BankWest
* Darryl email Bec about Unique Event Grant (old)
	* Delan did it, has emailed Bec, TidyClub guild memberships aren't accurate
* Darryl look at past treasury reports and make a big one from the period of J Batch's last treasury to now
	* Done
* Delan and Adam do the receipt inbox account
	* Given up for now
* Jordan buys 4 locks - Kmart has packs of 4
	* Done
* Delan to email Amanda about cardax for office
	* Done
* Adam and Delan to install new mechanism for pool table
	* Done
* Delan to buy 8 X 5m ethernet cables
	* Done
* Delan to email Esther asking if she could send an email to staff
	* Ongoing
* Delan talks to PLE guy
	* Done
* Delan take Sinclair off mailing list
	* Done
* Jordan will do shirts
	* Ongoing
* Delan take prizes home
	* Ongoing
* Darryl take trolley home
	* Done
* Darryl makes his spending policy
	* Previous one is quite general
	* Ongoing
* Jordan will make TheOffice account for Darryl
	* Done


## Other

### The office
* Delan went to talk to Amanda
	* we won't get access until mid-January since uni is closed
* Cabinet cleanup and spare keys
	* Cabinet has been cleaned and organized
	* Receipts go into the black OfficeOne folder, label on the inside with instructions
	* Stuff fits nicely now
	* James now has a cabinet key

### Spending Policy
* We should bring ourselves closer to breakeven
* We can continue to run more heavily subsidised events
	* Need to find good events
	* Having some good hack nights, invest some hardware
	* Something good can come of them
* Invest more in giving back to the members, more relevant things
* Worthwhile to invest in things that last a while, e.g. hardware for hack nights
* We need to keep reviewing how we spend our money
* If we decide if something is worth it, we can afford it
* We can probably be more generous with the money

### Pool table maintenance
* Delan and Adam installed it
* Delan nearly broke it, but should be okay

### Meeting with Department
* Have a meeting before the meeting, discuss what we are going to say
* "These are all the things we did, we want to build on these"

## New Action Items
* Delan to email Esther asking if she could send an email to staff (old)
* Delan take prizes home (old)
* Jordan will do shirts (old)
* Jordan checks TidyClub for Guild (old)
* Darryl makes his spending policy (old)
* Jordan adds ComSSA Cysca team task to TidyClub

## Next meeting: 2 weeks

## Meeting Finish: 1:00PM