---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2014-08-20
---

## Venue: Engineering Pavilion, 215.100

## Start: <time datetime="2014-08-20T10:35Z">6:35 p.m.</time>

## Attendance

  * Callum Boyd
  * Jasmine Quek
  * Kieran Gee
  * Delan Azabani
  * Daniel Brown
  * Alexandra Bena
  * Kye Russell

## Late attendees

  * Scott Day (6:57 p.m.)
    * Please send appropriate meeting times to the mailing list

## Absent

  * Jamal Hamdan

## Old minutes

  * No issues

## Treasury report

  * Duration: 14 days
  * Revenue: $372.75
    * Pool was $362.75
  * Deposit: did not go to bank
  * Discrepancy: +$98.30
  * Balance: did not go to bank

## Post events

### Guns and ham night

  * Reasonably awful turnout
  * Late advertising only after room booking
  * Couldn't book room because we were unable to find Amanda
  * AniCu is terrible for showing interest but not turning up
  * Next time buy more bear guys and fewer generic chibi gundam

## Upcoming events

### Analogue games night

  * We have a full room this time so Twister is a thing
  * Julian will bring slavery simulator, Archipelago
  * Callum will talk to Amanda and security to see if we can have
    temporary access to our office after 11pm

### LAN 1

  * Room has already been booked
  * Callum will speak to Amanda and security and attempt to extend
    card access
  * Nicoleta said that the last LAN 'was awesome'
  * Same food and drink rules as the last meeting
  * No tournaments for this LAN
  * Maybe Halo and other tournaments at the LAN after

### Rooty tooty laser shooty

  * Scott has been delegated this event
  * Might have to be delayed or cancelled due to the lack of an
    investigated venue

### LAN 2

  * Nothing to discuss here
  * Room has been booked already
  * Callum will follow up on the power/speaker issues with Amanda

### Quiz night

  * Kye has recosted the event and we're only down $24 after tickets
  * The $292 catering grant has approved
  * Kye will need to tell Tanya about the new table
  * Questions, games and prizes will be discussed after the meeting
  * The $200 tavern booking is fully covered by tickets

### Advent calendar world

  * Daniel will call Adventure World this weekend
  * This year we will cut off prepay a week before the event day

## Club merch

### Shirts

  * Jasmine is now able to order the shirts
  * Embroidery with a custom font on the back and front available
  * We have about $50 excess in both the 2013 and 2014 grants
  * Shirts are $40 each plus $7.50 for back embroidery
  * The front embroidery is included in the price of shirts
  * This year's committee, last year's committee, plus Amanda
  * New Curtin Concept lady was helpful

## Pool man

  * Alex and Jasmine are working together to get responses
  * Called the manager, obtained a quote emailed to us
  * Jasmine will call again tomorrow

## CoderDojo

  * Everything is fantastic
  * One ninja said that the mentors didn't know anything
  * Pins have been ordered but not paid for yet
  * Some mentors have not been taking their responsibilities seriously
    * Mentors have been briefed and the issue should be resolved
  * Mentors will have a drink at PICA Bar

## Open floor

### Projector

  * Same budget of around $800
  * Callum and Kieran will agree to buy one before the next LAN

### Cabinet

  * Get a real cabinet from a real place this time
  * Jasmine suggests Stratco again
  * Denial and Callum will shop around and email in suggestions

### Card printer

  * Next year's committee should handle this

### Free pool on analogue games night

  * Defeated 1:6:1 (yes, no, abstain)

## Next meeting: Wednesday 2014-09-03

## Finish: <time datetime="2014-08-20T12:44Z">8:44 p.m.</time>
