---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2018-06-23
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.217 

## Date: 2018-06-23

## Start: 12:13a.m. 

## Attendance

### Committee

- Nehal Ghuman
- Isaac Waugh
- Yi Juin Lim
- Lincoln Short
- Christian Brunette
- Jim Dawes
- Simeon Leatherland

### Guests

* Jhi Morris
* Chris Chang 

### Apologies

* Sam Bray
* Ashtyn Antulov
* Jorel Paddick
* Jeremy Ciccarelli

### Absent

* none

## Old Minutes

* none

## Old Action Items

### Interaction between different Computing Clubs around Perth

* Nehal will send an email out 
* run combination events
* promote sense of community 

### Exam Revision Sessions

* all good
* make sure we book way advance (start of semester) for both tests and exams

### Isaac needs to give people their money back

* did most of them 
* except for the LAN 

### Moving Primary communication channel to Discord

* works really well 

## Treasury Report

- link: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1PFUD5kAbUb7dp-VnqCqC6XLDSxFdtSI5
- Ending: 2018-05-31 (30 days)
- revenue: $690.33
  - $10 - Membership cash deposit
  - $222.50 - Tickets
  - $457.83 Tickets/Membership (TidyHQ)
- expenditure: $0
- discrepancy: $1.60
- deposit: $0 (pending)
- balance: $18,134.39

## Agenda Items

### Timeplan for next semester's events

* figure what we're running, when we're running, and who's in charge

### Date for Adventure World

* to be decided

### Taxes

* need to do taxes for financial year

### ComSSA Talks (Unix/VIM Monthly talks) - Jorel

* Still have resources from the drive, still need to update 
* will run short ones maybe during wed common free time that we dont have events

## Past Events

### Movie Night

* lots more people showed up
* expected 20, 36 showed up
* good idea to run movie night again

### Exam Revision Sessions

* all good

## Upcoming Events

### End of Sem LAN

* all good, tables are set up, just cabling 

## General Discussion

### Posting stuff under ComSSAâ€™s name (Facebook/Email, etc.)

* make sure everyone on comittee knows before anyone post something on behalf on comssa

### Computing Discord

* maybe change the name of the bot
* a bit too associted to ComSSA 
* it's not the ComSSA discord
* during orientation, don't associaite it as well, because its not by department nor comssa

### Semester Recap

* solid sem
* learnt lessons 

### Next Sem

* Orientation
  * need to figure out for orientation
  * booth for guild day 

* Events
  * Bounce

    * TW1 
    * Sam?
    * Date to be decided, either Friday or non Friday to avoid crowd

  * Laser Tag

    * 17th August , Friday,  TW3
    * Isaac

  * TFTI

    * 12th Sept, Wed, TW 6
    * Jean
    * Potential Speakers
      * PWC, Bankwest, Diamond Cyber, Hivint 
      * Maybe suggest speakers to also talk about the tools they use on the job

  * Quiz Night 

    * 21st September, Friday (TW 7)
    * Jeremy?

  * Adventure World

    * Date to be decided
    * Monday? Tuesday?

  * Movie Night

    * Date to be decided - possibly the week before exams
    * Want to see how it will be like running at the Tav
    * Simeon

  * LAN

    * 25th August (TW 5)

  * ComSSA Talks

    * Monthly Vim Talks 
    * Course Stream Talks - Simeon 

  * AGM

    * 10th October, Wed, TW 9
    * Nehal

## New Action Items

* Christian - Talk to Stefan about Computing Discord 

## Next Meeting

* TBD

## Finish: 1:13 p.m. 