---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2015-06-04
---


## Venue: 314

## Date: 2015-06-04

## Start: 3:59

## Attendance

### Committee
  * Everyone

## New Ordinary Committee Members
  * Congratulations to
    * Sandro 
    * Darryl
    * Jordan
  * Whats left to do?
    * Darryl needs a key and cardax
  * Jordan and sandro have keys
  * Adam cutting new key

## Old Minutes
  * Everyone's happy

## Treasury Report
  * Didn't happen
  * Forgot the key for the money box
  * Pool was $316 
  * Josh needs to pay himself for popcorn
  * Paid $40 for new footballs

## Old Action Items
  * Adam: make LAN event
    * Done
  * Adam: Pool poster
    * Brad doing
  * Adam: CEC Pres
    * Talked to the CEC Pres, no more meetings for the rest of the semester (both interclub and pavilion related)
  * Adam: Beepboop
    * It's nearly there
  * Adam: Investigate open dates for events
    * Reschedule Video-games night to 7/8/15
    * A little birdy told us that our current booking for quiz-night will be a disaster, so we'll find another date
  * Adam: Shirts
    * No response from Copy/Design so going to go in person 
  * Brad: Chase up unipass, keep ontop of teaching event
    * Chased up unipass
    * Contiuned in a top-level discussion
  * Brad: Follow up Good Games
    * Chased up
    * They said "we dont wanna do discounts but we'll let you borrow our boards, but not to take off campus" 
      * We do most of our events on campus, so this is problematic
    * Potentially suggest that the joondalup store sends a guy to come down and play with us, they might let the boards travel with him
    * They could potentially sell games to attendees
    * Assigned to Jacob
  * Brad: Chase up SK if they don't get back to you
    * They're still looking into doing a game-centric TFTI event
    * They're talking to other gaming companies, and will get back to us
  * Brad: make teaching event
    * Done
  * Jacob: buying popcorn
    * Josh bought it
  * Josh: Keep pestering Atlassian about alternatives to TFTI
    * They would skype us, thats it
  * Luke: doing cardax/security
    * Done
  * Luke: doing trello
    * Done
    * Tasks are assigned there
  * Luke: ThoughtWorks
    * Sent them an email, misspelt invitation, whoops
    * Leaving this for now
    * Sent the same thing to Sentient
    * Potentially leaving this too
  * Nathaniel: Get prizes from Delan
    * Pick them up from Senior Tutors office
  * Signatories: Pay Josh for drinks
    * //People talked over this, cheers//
  * Hack subcommittee: New IRC Channel, also investigate hack night
    * New IRC chan done
    * Picked a potential date #Insert
    * Darryl and Sandro on subcommittee

## Past Events

### Google IO
  * How was it?
    * It was good
    * Fantastic turnout
    * There was siginificant trouble with AV
    * Ended up projecting onto the blinds with our projector, as the Pavilions equipment failed
    * Defintely doing again
    * Some UCC people even showed up


## Future Events

### OOPD Teaching Event
  * Next Monday
  * 11am - 2pm
    * Committee to be there at 9am
  * Room bookings feel through, now using 314.2xx
    * 218->221 and 232 if we need the room
    * Mark going to tell people to go away if using the labs
  * Brad to write up what we're gonna do, doing over the weekend
  * Josh to help brad making the material to do 
  * There are some questions in the past exams brad wants to adjust
  * Basically going to be doing mock exams 
  * Take out questions and rephrase it 
  * "whats wrong with this code" - make a game out of it 
  * Everyone going
  * We're getting pizza
  * Jacob doing pizza, josh paying
  * Get there at 9am
  * Ideally two people in each room
  * Brad picked some other tutors to help out
  * Someone to make up posters for LAN beforehand
  * Jordan doing posters for the rooms



### LAN
  * Josh bringing vacuum
  * Small correction - Ends Sunday Night now, Engineering needs the room
  * Start advertising everywhere
  * action Jake and adam posters
  * Security
    * All sorted, Sean aware of the event
  * Prizes
    * We could do additional prizes, this is one of our bigger LAN's
    * Potentially run more than one comp a night
    * Probably stick to the same tiers of prizes though, maybe offer second place prizes
    * Will put into the lists for discussion later
    * Sonic slippers are highly sought after
  * Projectors
    * Projector software is good, Might look into
    * Adam probably running the projector again
    * Making content form again
  * Sleep schedules
    * Pretty much everyone but Josh sleeping, so no worries 
  * Someone take a nice camera? - Brad asking Rami
  * Supplies - ice, etc to be tasked closer

#### LAN Setup

  * Networking - Adam, Luke helping
  * Cable tidies and tubing - Luke helping
  * Power - Missed
  * Tables - Missed
  * AV: Lan room - Adam 
  * AV: Console room - Luke
  * Projector computer - Adam
  * Esky (Takes ages to cool down!) - Brads and jacobs, jordan picking up from guild
  * Work on a brief time estimation
  * Ask one more time - who will be here for setup and packup?
  * Posters to be put up around the Pavilion doors - darryl + jordan 

| Setup | Packup |
|-------|--------|
| Adam  |  Adam  |
| Luke  |  Luke  |
| Josh  |  Josh  |
|       | Jacob  |
| Sandro| Sandro |
| Darryl| Darryl |
| Jordan| Jordan |


### ComSSA goes bowling
  * Potentially second wednesday of second semester 

## Pool Table maintenance
 * New balls ordered
 * Auspost didn't deliver - Ongoing
 * Refelting in the break

## Correspondence

### Engineering ODay Fact Find Fair
  * Emailed to the lists by Amanda Sullivan, EFY Teaching Support Coordinator, subject titled as such
  * This should be visible in the email lists (30/july/2015)
  * Adam, Darryl, if not working Jacob

### Final Year Projects Awards
  * Sent to the tidyclub form by Hannes Herrmann
  * Luke has forwarded into the lists on (29/05/2015) "Hannes SEP idea"
  * We're judging the best presentation
  * It'd be a nice addition to their CV
  * We should deffinitely do this
  * Next Tuesday 9->finish
  * People coming: 
    * Jacob, Adam (ask Jordan, others)
  * Prizes
    * Put on website 
    * Print out certs
    * Engraved Pens

## New Action Items
  * Adam: Finish Beepboop
  * Adam: Find a new Quiz-Night..Night
  * Adam: Continue with shirts
  * Adam: Photoshop some posters
  * Darryl + Jordan: Print and put up those posters
  * Jacob: Chase up the Joondalup Good Games
  * Nathaniel: Prize box from Snr Tutor
  * Jordan: Doing posters for OOPD event

## Meeting Finish: ~5PM