---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2015-05-06
---

## Venue: 314.216

## Start: 6:02 p.m. 

## Attendance 

### Committee 
  * Luke Mercuri
  * Jacob Chapman
  * Josh Batchelor
  * Adam Parsons
  * Nathaniel Roach
  * Bradley Schoone
  * Whole committee present

### Guests 
  * Delan Azabani 

## Committee Changes
  * As of today, Jasmine Quek resigned as OCM
    * Really grateful for all her help this year so far
  * Welcome new President, Luke Mercuri, and new Vice President, Jacob Chapman

## Old Minutes 
  * Vote that minutes are a true and accurate representation of meeting:
  * For:Against:Abstain
  * 6:0:0

## Treasury Report 
  * Pool was really good, our second best this year, $305 
  * Outdoor Activities at Curtin payments happened this treasury, even though it occured during the last treasury cycle
  * The Pot Black event cost $114
    * $90 Paid by members for the event, so ComSSA lost ~$24 on the event
    * Partially due to the lack of attendance
  * Previous Treasury (was left out of last minutes)
    * Copy exists in the Google Drive now 

## Old Action Items 
  * Adam: do posters for SGM 
    * Done
  * Adam: Talk to hannes about Glenn Butcher 
    * Luke did this instead
  * Adam: do constitutional diffs, make easy to read
    * The sheer mess of merging got left to those making the committs 
  * Adam: investigate time to reschedule Video Games Night 
    * Nothing to report back yet
  * Adam: Tell Raymond we cannot participate in the robotics event 
    * Done, Raymond said all good, and that he would appreciate the additional help when the program   expands
  * Brad make SGM event 
    * Done
  * Jasmine: reach out to new ThoughtWorks contact 
    * Jasmine has left the committee, moving this part to TFTI
  * Josh: get pizza, and ice for the SGM 
    * Done
  * Josh: Send out emails to employers thanking them for the TFTI 
    * Done
  * Kye: talk to room bookings, book us an SGM 
    * Done
  * Kye: Kye to talk to UCC further about PMS 
    * Done
    * Adam and Nathanial taking over now that Kye has left
  * Luke: Print poster for potblack 
    * Done
    * People didn't notice the subtle Brad photoshop
  * Luke: Bump facebook post for potblack 
    * Done
  * Adam + Brad + Nathaniel: Hack 
    * Not done
  * Brad + Luke: Ask amanda for IO Booking 
    * Done

## Past Events 

### SGM 
  * In future we'll try push block changes earlier
  * We essentially ran out of time, everything got finished however
  * Drinks got left behind, fun times
  * People dont seem to understand the meeting format, certain people were somewhat disruptive
  * In future general meetings, give a short minute explanation to what a meeting is, how to make motions, amendments, etc
  * Need to maintain order better in the future
  * Constitution changes now pushed to the website 
  * Welcome new President, Luke Mercuri, and new Vice President, Jacob Chapman

### Pot Black 
  * Was really fun
  * Very poor attendance, but thats alright, its getting into assignment season
  * Considering to have more events that expect poor attendance, because different people show up
    * Some people come to one, some people come to another
    * Doesnt make sense to hold off events for attendance, otherwise we'll never have events run
    * People are busy at different times

## Future Events 

### Google I/O Extended 
  * Beanbags sorted through guild
  * Popcorn machine might be a thing
  * Google at Curtin is sorting out most of this event
  * We need to keep shilling this
  * ComSSA is doing drinks, Google@Curtin handling snacks

### End of Semester LAN 
  * Book rooms with Amanda sooner rather than later
  * We were gonna sell unneeded switches at the end of the last LAN, small problem, no one showed up
  * End of semester LAN's tend to be the most popular so we'll wait for that to happen before selling switches
  * Adam and Nathaniel sorting out the bookings
  * Adam organising majority of LAN stuff, including getting beepboop working again
  * Raspberry Pi's need to be sorted out beforehand, preferably with X11 this time so we can adjust terminal sizes easily
  * As soon as we can get the date/time we can start shilling hard
  * Possible involvement with a certain electronic music appreciation society on campus, super secret though. 
    * Jacob to liase 
    * Adam investigating prices for some secret hardware for a secret competition in the Console Room


## Committee Handover
  * 215.104 Group exists
  * Delan to add new exec to this group

### OCMs 
  * We currently have an invalid number of OCM's
  * We must always have an odd number, we currently have two
  * Need to get one or three more
  * Luke will post an expression of interest to facebook
  * Based on the expressions of interest we'll decide if we want to take on one extra person or three

### Office Card Access 
  * Sean (Security, Best guy ever) is back
  * Adam and Luke (Or whoever is intersted) to go see Sean
  * Access needs to be updated 
  * Need to change safe code again after meeting w

### Bank Account Signatories 
  * Need to remove Kye and Delan as Signatories 
  * Add Luke and Jacob 
  * Need signatures for swapping the signatories
    * The old President
    * The current Secretary
    * The 3 new Signatories

## Residual Items 

### Committee Shirts 
  * SGM is over, these can finally be ordered (Impending OCM Selection)
  * Getting Jasmine a shirt just like Kye and Delan 
    * Vote 3/2/1/ passes
  * Instead of waiting for new OCM's we should buy committee shirts now and just buy the OCM ones later

### Minutes Availability
  * Nothing changed at all 

### Make Agenda Public 
  * Making it available on the website 48 hours beforehand at worst
  * Suggesting people send in pull req's or emails for adding to the agenda

### PMS UCC Colocation 
  * UCC Wheel meeting on friday 
  * Adam has elected to go, need two people
  * Nathaniel will go too, Friday at 7

## Drinks
  * Buying $100 more to add to the supply
  * Josh is handling this

### Contact CEC President 
  * CEC apparently changed presidents, reach out to the new one
  * Maybe try ask Gary who the president is
  * Tasked to adam

### Sentient Computing 
  * Was previously decided to wait 10 days before re-contacting if no response was received. has this been done? 
  * Luke contacting
  * just gonna do for TFTI, not sponsorship

### Good Games 
  * Suggestion was made several meetings ago to contact good games about potential sponsorship of analogue games nights 
  * Was this done? if not, assign to somebody to do 
  * Adam looking up later
  * Brad emailing them

### Member Teaching & Learning Nights 
  * We could potentially run a workshop for OOPD students
  * With the amount of committee members tutoring first year units, talk to mark
  * Teach OOPD to people in this critical time 
    * Class design., etc
  * Book out a hall/collab room
  * Walkthrough a past exam
  * Brad talking to Mark about it
  * Possibly doing se110 too
  * Their OOPD assignment is due in 4 weeks
  * Brad talking to unipass dude
  * Monday, 18th at 5:00PM
  * Workshop, not a lecture hall, 
  * Brad booking

## Pool table maintenance 
  * Tips are running low 
  * Table users seem to think they're clever when they replace lost tips with screws 
  * This breaks the balls, find some way to communicate this to users 
  * Re-felting was slated at a previous meeting to be done at each semester break 
  * We should contact whoever handled it last time to get the details of the repairers so we're not scrambling closer to the date 
  * Adam doing new signage for the table
  * Josh authorizing luke to purchase new tips
  * Luke contacting Alex Bean

## TFTI Round 2 
  * Start scouting people for next sem TFTI from now 
  * Brad to try bump iVec
  * Luke talking Rob Walker 
  * Luke talk to James Massey at AFG
  * Brad to scout out some games inudstries 
  * Delan please send accenture details
  * Try to avoid the situation of waiting on people who aren't replying 
  * Lets try keep a 2 week period of awaiting replys, so that we dont get in that situation again
  * Dates are not set at all, just ask when they're available, and we'll craft the event around speakers availablilities 
  * Just putting out feelers for now, to gather interests
  * We forgot to reassign ThoughtWorks
  * Josh talking to Atlassian


## EMAS Collaboration 
  * EMAS keen to collaborate events with us 
  * Are we interested? of course!
  * Any ideas for possible events? 
    * EMAS are chilling out, dont have much to do over the next few weeks
    * EMAS are looking to do collaborate with other clubs
  * Ok so hear us out, DJ HERO at the LAN?
    * We can get some cheap DJ hero controllers in addition to our guitar hero controllers
    * This would be a great addition to the Console Room during the LAN
    * Idealy we turn this into a competition, because DJ Hero is played entirely ironically, right?
    * Jacob is going to discuss this at the next EMAS meeting

## New Action Items 
  * Adam: Get beepboop ready before the LAN 
  * Adam: Pool table poster 
  * Adam: Contact CEC President 
  * Brad: Talk to Unipass, Mark, Book a room for OOPD 
  * Brad: Try bump iVec 
  * Brad: Chase up popcorn for Google I/O 
  * Brad: scout out some game devs from industry 
  * Delan: Prize box 
  * Josh: Get drinks 
  * Josh: Talk to Atlassian
  * Jacob: Secret LAN Colab 
  * Luke: Post expression of interest for OCM's to facebook, tidyclub 
  * Luke: Touch base with Accenture about TFTI 
  * Luke: Contact Alex about the pool table 
  * Luke: Talk to James Massey at AFG 
  * Adam + Nathaniel: Book LAN with Amanda 
  * Adam + Nathaniel: Attend Wheel meeting at UCC on friday 
  * Adam and Luke: See Sean at security 
  * Delan + Jacob + Josh + Kye + Luke: Sign SGM minutes, signatory handover 

## Carried Over Action Items 
  * Adam: investigate time to reschedule Video Games Night 
  * Adam: Gather sizes for committee shirts, finalise order 
  * Brad: Good Games 
  * Luke: Talking to Rob Walker about TFTI <-- re-assigned from Jasmine 
  * Luke: reach out to new ThoughtWorks contact <-- re-assigned from Jasmine 
  * Luke: Contact Sentientt <-- re-assigned from Jasmine 
  * Adam + Brad + Nathaniel: Hack 

## Meeting Finish: 7:32 p.m.