---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2015-12-02
---

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.221

## Date: Saturday 2015-12-02

## Start: 2.10PM

## Attendance

### Committee

  * Nathaniel Roach
  * Jacob Chapman
  * Adam Parsons
  * Darryl Chng
  * Jordan Chou

### Guests

  * Kye Russell
  * Luke Mercuri

### Missing

  * James Borrett

### Apologies

  * Connor Beardsmore

### Late

* Delan Azabani

## Old Minutes

* Now on website

## Treasury Report

  * Was good, should do again
  * Finally has the account now, Delan's has some problems. 
  * Duration: 
  * Income: 
    * Stripe, mainly Adventure World
  * Expenditure: 
	* Pens $241
	* Maintenance Fees: We changed to a new account type, don't need to pay fees now on
  * Cash
    * $330 for Adventure World
	* $130 LAN
  * Receipts
    * Just email to list and keep a copy inside the cabinet
    * If not physical, then send to list, try to aim for both
    * Could have an account for receipts, have a consistent format for them

## Old Action Items

  * Darryl talks to Josh B. and get form
    * Done
  * Delan/Jordan C. handles minute situation, separate them
    * Done
  * Delan look for old ballot from last AGM
    * Ongoing
  * Delan go to security to talk to Sean
    * Done
  * Delan asks Brad and Josh to hand their keys back in
    * Brad has given his back, Josh has not given his back
  * Jordan C. upload powerpoint and questions from UCP session to Facebook
    * Done
  * Darryl talk to Outreach about moving FRC to another room
    * Done
  * Delan talk to Mitchell (CITS)
    * Done
  * Darryl talk to Bec (Guild) about unique event grant
    * Ongoing
  * Darryl sorts out paying Connor
    * Done
  * Jordan S. will talk to Jonas (owner of DON Burg), get menu for new place + sponsorship
    * Done
  * Jordan S. set up Slack and send invites
    * Done
  * Jordan C. talk to Coca Cola about Mother vending machine
    * Done
  * Darryl- Choose some games, we can do a vote
    * Done
  * Jordan C. make poll on ComSSA group for board games
	 * Done

## Handover

* Bank stuff nearly done, Delan has to sort out some problems
* Cabinet keys- Jordan has a spare key, Delan also has spare
* Need to give Luke back drinks locker locks and keys
* Cardax - Need to email Amanda

## Past Events

* LAN
	* Setup went well
	* Adam missing gear
	* Could use tags
	* Probably need to replace some cables, some clips are missing
* DS Revision
	* Run by J. Mo
	* Good turnout
	* Both sessions complemented each
* DSA Revision
	* Run by Luke
	* was good
* OOPD Revision
	* Run by Jacob and Brad
	* Went well, filled a room
* We should do pizza for the some of the early ones in the year or if they are longer than 2.5 hours
* After the first couple of sessions we shouldn't need to offer pizza to attract people
* Could shill at lectures
* Committee Dinner
	* Steak was garbage
	* Adam - 'Was good, should do again'
	* Delan - 'Apple crumble was divine'
	* Darryl - 'Was an interesting cultural experience'

## Future Events

* Meeting with Department
	* Mihai is leaving next week
	* Probably at the start of the year, after Mihai comes back
	* Find out the dates of assessments are so we can plan our teaching events around them
* Event Planning 2016
	* We need some background info before we do it, what events we want to run e.g.
	* Should come to the meeting prepared
	* Have a list setup
	* Delan will visit her if she's around
	* Need to email her, then walk in
	* Do it early next year (2016)
* Possible O-Week LAN
	* If we can get a booking then sure, was done in labs
	* Can ask computing if they want to do it again

## Other/ Open Floor

### Using Tidyclub Tasks
* Tidyclub has a Tasks function, can assign tasks from inside minutes too
* Will have to use it for treasury and minutes

### Pool table
* Delan has bought the mechanism
* Adam to install it after meeting

### Sponsorships
* Could try ones that we failed last time
	* PLE could be a viable option
* We could talk to Redbull rep for our LANs
* Try talking to the pizza place near Manning road 

### Interclub Talks
* UCC, CASSA, MITS exist
* We can talk to them about things, especially CASSA since we have people going there
* Luke and Jacob placed ComSSA mouse mats at ECU
* Delan will an email to UCC, CASSA and MITS next year
* We have ComSSA pricing for events for those associate clubs

### Sub-Committees
* Cool idea, but not such a good idea for such a small committee
* We need to assign tasks to people instead

### Shirts
* Email Bec, get a code, go to concept
* Tell them the things we want
* Start it the second that concept opens
* Opens on the 18th of January 2016

### Constitution
* Things got removed, from change 9 and 10
* Odd number of OCM rule, do we need it?
* If it's not necessary then we don't need it
* Doesn't really affect things 
* Need to read through the constitution and make sure it's not contradictory in any part

### Board Games
* For now, don't spend any money on games because we have enough members that bring in games
* Also saves us storing stuff for ages
* Things like cards can be stored easily and don't cost as much

### Spending Policy
* Darryl will have a look at it and decide
* How are we planning to spend our money this year
	* In the past main spending things are consumables
	* We should try to get closer to a break-even
	* We should think about our general goals and disucss it with everyone

## New Action Items

* Delan look for old ballot from last AGM (old)
* Darryl needs to talk to Bankwest (old)
* Darryl email Bec about Unique Event Grant (old)
* Darryl look at past treasury reports and make a big one from the period of J Batch's last treasury to now
* Delan and Adam do the receipt inbox account
* Jordan buys 4 locks - Kmart has packs of 4
* Delan to email Amanda about cardax for office
* Adam and Delan to install new mechanism for pool table
* Delan to buy 8 X 5m ethernet cables
* Delan to email Esther asking if she could send an email to staff
* Delan talks to PLE guy
* Delan take Sinclair off mailing list
* Jordan will do shirts
* Delan take prizes home
* Darryl take trolley home
* Darryl makes his spending policy
* Jordan will make TheOffice account for Darryl

## Meeting Finish: 3:38PM