---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2017-09-17
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.217

## Date: 2017-09-17

## Start: 1:09pm

## Attendance

### Committee
- Jordan Chou
- Sam Stoddard
- Jordan Van Elden
- Josh Yeo
- Jordan Yeo
- Jean Lim
- Sam Bray
- Adam Parsons (arrived 1:39)

### Guests
- none

### Apologies
- Ashtyn Antulov
- Jeremy Ciccarelli

### Absent
- Luke Healy

## Old Minutes
- SGM, no talking points

## Old Action Items
- Taking over quiz night
  - Ashtyn has volunteered

## Treasury Report
- https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B44MdpDMxkWrZ055NXlBSVpTZUU/view?usp=sharing
- Ending: 2017-09-17 (25 days)
- revenue: $490.00
  - $460.00 - pool table
  - $10.00 - memberships
  - $20.00 - merch
- expenditure: $345.80
  - $16.00 - SGM water
  - $329.80 - SGM food
- discrepancy: $19.00
- deposit: $0.00 (pending)
- balance: $17,506.55

## Agenda Items

### OCM Addition
- Sam Bray and Jeremy Ciccarelli have been added as OCM's
- Welcome

## Past Events

### TFTI
- Went well, big attendence

### DSA Mid sem revision session
- Went well, good feedback

### OOPD Test 2 revision session
- Held today, went well

## Upcoming Events

### Quiz night
- 6th Oct
- EMP been approved
- Catering grant submission todo
- Advertising and questions main things todo
- Looking for a quizmaster
  - Sam B volunteered
- Questions left over from last years event that could be used
  - Event didn't run so questions are still valid
- Mini games that could be used
  - Looking for someone to run these
- Buying prizes todo
  - Similar to LAN
    - 1st prize = $20 steam voucher (6 team members)
    - 2nd prize = $10 steam voucher
    - door prize
    - spot prize (or minigames)
  - VOTE $300 spent on prizes
    - None opposed

### Adventure world
- 27th Nov
- Need someone to take charge (Josh is happy to help them out)
  - Potentially Jeremy
- Need to
  - Research prices
  - EMP
  - Facebook/tidyclub events
  - Pay deposit
  - Buy tickets
    - Plan for probably needing to buy additional tickets
  - Organise food
    - Included in booking
  - Organising handover

### Exam revision sessions
- Sort out when exam timetable released

### UCP Test 2 revision session
- Oct 8th

### Games night
- Discuss joined event with Curtin Tabletop
  - Sam B is president of CT, happy to organise as he is already involved
  - Sam B brings up point that it is important that ComSSA still keeps its own games nights
  - Will run as a split event to see how it goes
- Need to decide on a room
  - Have access to Eng pav
  - Or revision room (300.217)
- Propose 20th Oct

### LAN
- 4th Nov
  - Adam looking to move to after exams (late Nov or early Dec)
- Adam looking to organise a large attendance from people outside of the labs
  - Could try old strategy of holding lan straight after Adventure world
  - However it is a Monday night, could conflict with working people
- Main things that need organising soon is date and room booking confirmations
- Then will need to organise sponsors and prizes
  - Will look to also spend some of the clubs money on prizes

### AGM
- Jordan C to organise
- Need to set a date
  - Needs to run within last 4 teaching weeks of semester
  - 2 weeks notice
  - Alert Guild
- Wed 18th Oct or 25th Oct
  - Decided on 18th

### Handover
- Getting Sam S on signatories
- Need records (minutes) and to fill in forms

## General Discussion
- No talking points

## New Action Items
- Ashtyn - quiz night
- Sam B - quiz night quizmaster
- Sam B - games night
- Jordan C - AGM

## Next Meeting

## Finish: 2:01pm