---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2014-05-01
---

## Venue: Engineering Pavilion, 215.100

## Start: <time datetime="2014-05-01T10:30Z">6:30 p.m.</time>

## New ordinary committee member

  * After executive deliberation, please welcome Alexandra Bena as OCM

## Attendance

  * Callum Boyd
  * Jasmine Quek
  * Kieran Gee
  * Delan Azabani
  * Kye Russell
  * Jamal Hamdan
  * Alexandra Bena
  * Scott Day

## Apologies

  * Daniel Brown

## Old minutes

  * No issues

## Treasury report

  * Duration: 16 days
  * Revenue: $281
    * Pool was $281
  * Deposit: $280
  * Discrepancy: -$22.56
    * Too large, changing safe code required
    * Executive committee access only for now
  * Balance: $18827.16

## Post events

### Engineering clubs day

  * Turnout was poor from committee
    * Only attendees were Jimmy, Jasmine and Callum
    * Committee are expected to attend club advertising events by default
    * Please email with apologies in advance if you are unable to attend
    * Try and delegate roles explicitly to avoid confusion
  * Next time, we want to have a presentation or other activity prepared

## Upcoming events

### Rock climbing

  * Booked for Friday 2014-05-16, 7 p.m. to 10 p.m.
  * Delan to:
    * Publish Facebook event
    * Publish TidyClub event
    * Advertise online TidyClub signups on Facebook
    * Ask Hangout how and when to pay (prefer cheque on day)
  * Charge $10/$15
  * Recommend shoe hire for a $5 surcharge

### Possible games and movie nights

  * Limit to one per half semester as it's now troublesome to organise
  * Analogue games nights is a thing that people want to do
    * Callum will discuss holding it in the open area with Amanda
    * Tentatively held on Wednesday 21st may, 6pm

### LAN

  * Start advertising early, we want to sell out all ~40 seats
  * Last LAN was poorly attended
  * Callum will need to confirm Monday occupation with Amanda and Nicoleta
  * No eating, and only closable drinks

### Gundam night

  * Scott will talk to Bronwyn about the event
  * Planned for Wednesday 2014-08-20 (week 3 of semester 2)

## Club merch

### Shirts

  * Jasmine saw Concept staff, and front printing is not viable
  * Individual position printing would cost too much
    * $25 back printing, excluding shirt
  * Estimated $70 for front plus back printing including shirt
  * Look into plain polos for embroidering
    * Priced $45 including shirt
    * Logo on the front, position and year line on the back
  * CafePress shirts have low quality printing

## Committee photos

  * Wait until shirts arrive

## Pool table abuse

  * Cue ball and eight ball were stolen
  * Two cue tips are missing
  * Spare cue ball is hugely chipped
  * Lost countless chalks
  * Half a water bottle was stuck into the pool table mechanism
  * Jasmine spoke to Amanda about this
    * There are no security cameras in the hard floor area
    * Delan will email Amanda with the above details
    * Meet with Amanda and Nicoleta to apply for security camera installation

## Complaints against the club and bullying issues

  * All initiators and targets of complaints must remain anonymous
  * Open discussion regarding complaints must be held privately
  * The behaviour and conflict at the previous LAN was poor

## Membership card

  * Alex has finished but needs to troubleshoot a few final issues
  * Member number, name and position will be typeset in Comic Sans

## IEEE

  * IEEE wants to collaborate on a variety of academic activities
  * Delan will contact their committee to explore the available options

## Coderdojo and other academic events

  * Gregg has asked Kye and Jasmine what ComSSA wants to achieve
  * Engineering Outreach has sponsor and club connections
  * Other programs like FLL and FRC will be promising for all involved
  * Jasmine, Callum and Kye will meet with Gregg to discuss this further
  * Liaise with people running at Google at Curtin
  * Ensure student commitment before dealing with Computing for events
  * Review progress during week 4/5 of semester two

## Interclub LAN

  * Hopefully with CASSA, UCC and MITS
  * Initial planning stages
  * In the break between semesters
  * Our own LAN will run from 27th to 30th June
  * Will participate if decent size and facilities
  * Kieran and Callum will organise

## Next meeting: Thursday 2014-05-13

## Finish: <time datetime="2014-05-01T11:40Z">7:40 p.m.</time>
