---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2016-03-05
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 215.100

## Date: Saturday 5th of March

## Start: 12:15PM

## Attendance

### Committee

  * Adam Parsons
  * Connor Beardsmore
  * Darryl Chng
  * Delan Azabani
  * Jordan Chou

### Guests

  * Brad Schoone

### Apologies

  * Nathaniel Roach
  * James Borrett

## Old Minutes

  * Fine

## Treasury Report
  * https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B3DjuQxrO3TYUjRudWVheVgzazA
  * Duration: 34 days
  * Opening balance: $3,878.42
  * Income: $1,181.80
    * Pool $181.00
    * s20705-5 $300.00
    * stripe $47.3
    * s21130-11 $450.00
    * LAN + sign ups $203.5
  * Expenditure: $1,224.97
    * GTD $176.66
    * Lan $133.43
    * stickers $150.80
    * cleaning supplies $62.78
    * Comssa talk 1 $201.80
    * shirts $499.50

## Old Action Items

* Jordan add CoderDojo for Orientation presentation (old)
	* Done
* Jordan fix up previous minutes
	* Done
* Delan put a Doodle out for LAN prep dry run
	* Not done yet
* Adam to book Quiz Night at Tav
	* Not done yet
* Adam to make BeepBoop replaceable
	* Not done yet
* Spend money on LAN stuff
	* Not done yet
* Delan will make a Doodle for Computing Orientation availibility
	* Done
* Delan will make event for ComSSA Talks: Atlassian Git
	* Done
* Jordan w ill order 50 square and 50 die-cut 80mmX80mm stickers
	* Done
* Adam will create design for cabinet/pool table stickers
	* Not done yet
* Darryl should put messages out asking for mentors
	* Done
* Delan should make a public committee list
	* Done
* Delan to finish off membership booklets
	* Done
* Delan to go renew sponsors
	* Jordan and Delan did it


## New Bank Account
* Purchases are currently done by reimbursing committee members with transfers
* Having one or more debit cards would free us from depending on their money
* We can achieve this by:
	* Opening a new bank account to be used with the debit cards only
	* Configuring the account as one to sign, to allow debit cards to be attached
	* Attaching debit cards to the account, for committee members who need them
	* Transferring money into the account only after a purchase is approved
	* Transferring money into the account should still require two to sign
	* We can give any committee member signatory status and a card on the account
* To ease the application process, our initial signatories will be our office bearers: Delan Azabani, Adam Parsons, Darryl Châ€™ng, Jordan Chou

## Membership Pricing
* We have a loose affiliation with CASSA, UCC and MITS
* We should talk to them and not plan our events so they clash
* UCC has special pricing for affiliate club members ($5 instead of $10)
	* We should do the same
* VOTE: Members of affiliate clubs have $5 ComSSA memberships instead of $10

 | For  |   Against  | Abstain |
 |------|------------|---------|
 |   4  |  0         |  1      |

 * Vote passes

 
### Mailing Lists

* 
* Committee has been split, committee@ is now for committee only conversations
* club@ is no longer an alias to committee@, it is now a separate list, the new public list
* comssa@lists, delan will look if there is a way to forward to the list
* 

### Dreamspark Subscription

* Kivuto says we need to wait 30 days before renewing for it to not count as a renewal
* Delan added 7 days to it to be safe
* Don't renew for now

### Meeting Proxies

* Hard to get meetings quorum
* Pool of people we can get quorum is small
* Proxies don't count for quorum but count for votes
* Proxies could be useful for decision making
* Useful if there is a big vote coming up and you can make the vote
* Need to inform committee if you are using a proxy
* VOTE: ComSSA should introduce meeting proxies
	* Count for votes but not for quorum
	* Person who is asking to get a proxy must write to committee at least 48 hours before
	* Not for general meetings

	|   For   |   Against   |  Abstain     |
|------|------|-------|
|  4    |   0   |  1     |

  * Passes

### CoderDojo

* We have a training session on the 12th of March
* First day is on the 19th of March

## Past Events

### O-Day

* Good, should do again
* Paperweights are good (or tape)
* We should bring our own tent
* The banner was constantly being covered
* We were classified as "special interest" again
* We got 116 memberships

### Grill the Department

* Fixed the problem last year, which was no one (on committee) helping
* Josh Yeo, Josh Morley, and Reuben helped throughout the event
* We fed a lot of people 
* Setup was a little hectic
	* We started a bit late
	* Getting the stuff took a little while
	* Josh (both) helped
* Packup was good as well
* Ingredients
	* Buns: Coles were bad (not pre-cut), Guild ones were good
	* Meat Sausages: Guild ones were good 
	* Veggie Sausages: The ones we bought cost a lot
	* Sauces: No mustard, we need to buy our own sauces
	* Onions: Were good, either pre-cook or start frying way earlier

### ComSSA Talk: Atlassian Git

* We had a lot of people, 80+, probably because of Atlassian
* We got quite a few signups too
* iLecture: Book them by talking to Mark, he'll talk to Hannes to add them
* They will put them on Computing Colloqium

## Future Events

### Clubs Carnival

*  Wednesday 16th March during Common Free Time
*  Delan sent in application

### Talks from the Industry

* Potential talkers
  * Delan talked to Alison (CITS) and Michele who have contacts overseas
  * Skype in Atlassian
  * Jasmine (Thoughtworks)
  * Bankwest
* We should get iLectures

### ComSSA Talk

* For future talks we should do them 3-4 weeks apart
* We should gauge interests for different topics
* The next one could be a 'How-to Linux'
* After that Delan would like to do one on text representations
* Maybe we can have talks on non-computing related topics
* For the next talk we need to advertise it

### Ice Skating

* OOPD lecture time has moved, it is now on Tuesday
* Friday is cheaper, leave it on Friday and shill in OOPD

### Revision Sessions

* We are running sessions for OOPD, ISAD, DSA and OS
* Need to book rooms for them since OOPD and ISAD have large numbers


### .

* We should think about how we describe ComSSA when we go to events

## New Action Items

* Spend money on LAN
* Adam to book Quiz Night at Tav (old)
* Adam to make BeepBoop replaceable (old)
* Adam will create design for cabinet/pool table stickers (old)
* Darryl talk to Jasmine (Thoughtworks)
* Delan put a Doodle out for LAN prep dry run (old)
* Delan make LAN event
* Delan book LAN dry run, LAN, SGM
* Delan put a Doodle event for Clubs Carnival
* Delan put an event for ComSSA Talk
* Delan talk to Noni or someone at Guild to get them to pay for Dreamspark
* Jordan buy water for Clubs Carnival
* Jordan book TFI, ComSSA Talk
* Jordan talk to Adam Watkins (BankWest)



## Meeting Finish: 1:44PM