---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2018-04-20
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.224 

## Date: 2018-04-20

## Start: 05:07p.m. 

## Attendance

### Committee

 - Nehal Ghuman
 - Ashtyn Antulov
 - Isaac Waugh
 - Yi Juin Lim
 - Lincoln Short
 - Christian Brunette
 - Jim Dawes
 - Sam Bray
 - Simeon Leatherland
 - Jorel Paddick

### Guests

* Hana Arai
* Chris Chang

### Apologies

 - Jeremy Ciccarelli

### Absent

* none

## Old Minutes

* none 

## Old Action Items

### OCM Vote

* voting done, Simeon chosen

### Social events for rest of semester

* Bowling - Nehal 
  * filed EMP for bowling - 18th of May
* Movie Night - Simeon
  * waiting on approval from Amanda for 
  * date not decided, might be May ish 

### ComSSA Jobs

* Nehal talked to Amy and Stefen, we can post in discord opportunities channel so all computing (not just members) can benefit 

### Amy and Markâ€™s request on reaching out to guild again on labs condition

* Hana:
  * Planning to meet with Ling (Scheduled)
  * Ling said happy to take it to the pro vice chancellor (in change of funding)
  * hoping by this can have  more resources allocated


## Treasury Report

* refer to Minutes-for-2018-04-06 for this month's treasury report
* will start doing only once per month 

## Agenda Items

### TidyHQ signups

* 3 signed up as 2015, can swap to 2018 

### List of new Upcoming Events

* LAN
* Movie night
* Bowling 

### Get an Event Calendar Poster

* Ash can do it 

### LAN

* rosters:  poll up. but haven't seen the results
* got gifts! 
* need to get drinks and ice 

### Rocket Challenge

* decided on to advertise 

### Simeon on Mailing List

* Simeon still not on mailing list
* Linc - will add him


## Past Events

### TFTI - 16 Mar

* successful

### Revision Sessions

* successful

## Upcoming Events

### UCP Rev Sess

* booked 

### Bowling

* 18th May
* need to put deposit down -  50%
* planning $20 per person for tickets, subsidise less, to allow more frequent events
* will need to start adverstising at the end of the break week 

### Movie Night

* need to decide on a date
* waiting for confirmation from eng pav

### LAN

* all good 

## General Discussion

### Designated person to take photographs of events

* good for booklets 
* photos are really outdated 

### Bank signatory

* need to sort it out for isaac 

### Safe

* will see if we can get a room that only committee can have access to
* Ash - talk to someone in the dep to see if we can get some place. 

### Lab space

* Hana is here to understand more about the lab situation before meeting the pro vice chancellor 
* some ideas
  * individual testimonials
  * increased enrolements proof (from Hannes)
  * proof of failure and drop out rates
    * might be useful 
    * reason people are dropping out is due to low resources
    * OOPD and ISE drop out rates proof, can be obtained from unipass 
  * saeshell servers are out of date, run different type of javas, not good to expect students to set up environment on their own machines, and still need to come into check their work works on the lab machines
  * more resources more to gain (esp for oopd, high failure rate)
  * eng rooms, college rooms have projectors and stuff. but computing doesn't 
  * no space to hang out, hallways are crowded sometimes
  * getting more students, but not getting more funding. strained.
  * getting more resources is in the uni's best interest
    * staff is strained, swamped with work 
    * staff constantly busy, diff to arrange time/ contact
    * can't provide much help to students that need it
    * dont have time to rewrite units to make them more relevant 
      * in tech, so units need to keep be rewritten to stay relevant
    * the image it provides for future students (word of mouth from current students) is not good if it's just Curtin does not have lots of resources for computing 
  * 2 hours a day for senior tutoring
    * not enough room
    * huge line
    * not enough resources to supply for all the students
  * students are also voluntarily do revision sessions 
  * will be good investment for uni to invest in this department
  * students dont have resources at uni 
    * not just not about  having computer/resources
    * having people to work with, how computing works, can ask for help, learn together
    * community factor 
  * SEP, Honours, Masters, PHD
    * a lot of projects end up being start up business
    * good for curtin, can put their name on it 
  * computing at curtin produces good students

## Units Feedback
* Ash gonna post posters around the labs to get feedback from students on the units they would like to see improved/changed

## New Action Items

* Ash  - create an event calendar
* Linc - add Simeon to mailing list 
* Simeon - need to decide on a date for movie night
* Isaac - bank signatory 
* Ash - talk to someone in the department to see if we can get a room
* Ash - units feedback posters get feedback from students
* Jean - Reply to Nero on Rocket Challenge

## Next Meeting

* TBD

## Finish: 6:06p.m. 