### Date: 2/2

### Venue: Discord

### Start: 9am

### Finish: 9:22 am

### 

Present - Gus

-   Luke

-   Kai

-   Faraz

-   Laura

-   Matt

-   Sam

-   Tina

Absent

-   Bryan

-   Connor

-   Jean

###  

### ***Goal: To help computing students meet and get to know other computing students.*** 

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>NO.</strong></th>
<th><strong>ITEM</strong></th>
<th><strong>DISCUSSION POINTS</strong></th>
<th><strong>NOTES</strong></th>
<th><strong>ACTION ITEMS</strong> who - how - when</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>1</td>
<td>Allocate people to sub committees</td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Estimate number of people needed</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li></li>
<li></li>
</ul></td>
<td><p>List of events we are running:</p>
<ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Introduction to Programming and Linux Environments Talk (4th March, Wed, wk 2)</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Grill The Department (26th Feb, Wed, wk 1)</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Board Games and Chill (5th, 6th March, wk2)</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Atlassian Talk ( 18th March, wk 4)</p>
</blockquote>
<ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Atlassian Women's Workshop next day</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>TFTI ( 8th April, wk 7)</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Networking Sundowner (8th May, wk 11)</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Pool (wk 8, wk 9)</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Git/Version Control Talk (</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul>
<blockquote>
<p>1.1 Room booking, team assembled, advertising needed, external assistance required</p>
<p>1.2</p>
<p>Someone contact guild, get bbq setup</p>
</blockquote>
<ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Computing staff (sort stuff out)</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul>
<p>Communications, once wrapped up, join in organising event</p>
<p>Execs contact guild?</p>
<blockquote>
<p>1.3</p>
<p>Room rent, bring board games (everyone involved), projector needed for gaming</p>
<p>Catering: snacc</p>
<p>Thursday 5th? (friday booked for board gaming club)</p>
<p>Room booking ASAP:</p>
<p>1.4 Mainly advertising and sorting out catering?</p>
<p>1.5 sort out presenter list and food</p>
</blockquote></td>
<td><blockquote>
<p>1.1 Jean, Kai, Sam,</p>
<p>1.2 Grill The Department: Matt, Bryan, connor, Luke</p>
<p>1.3 Board Games and Chill: Kai, Sam, Gus, Tina</p>
<p>1.4 - Atlassian stuff: Laura, Jean, Gus, Luke</p>
<p>1.5 - Matt, Faraz, Gus,</p>
</blockquote>
<ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Other events too far away currently</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul>
<blockquote>
<p>General advertising: Faraz (if available)</p>
</blockquote></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>2</td>
<td>Revision sessions</td>
<td><ul>
<li></li>
</ul></td>
<td><blockquote>
<p>Revision sessions?</p>
<p>Booking for rooms in advance</p>
<p>DSA + OOPD changed, new updated format?</p>
<p>Roles, setup, booking?</p>
</blockquote>
<ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Advertising events, last slide?</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul>
<blockquote>
<p>Mid roll adverts</p>
</blockquote></td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Connor make revision session calendar</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>3</td>
<td></td>
<td><ul>
<li></li>
</ul></td>
<td><p>A reminder to everyone.</p>
<p>I believe that ComSSA hasn't scaled at all from the time it was a club for 100 computing students to now as a university of over 600.</p>
<p>ComSSA's model needs an update so I'm asking everyone to be creative in how you run events because the way we've run ComSSA in the past hasn't worked in years.</p>
<p>To answer what are subcommittees:</p>
<p>Subcommittees will be responsible for organising events. Running events will still be an entire committee effort.</p>
<p>The organisational side will consist of</p>
<p>- Event planning</p>
<p>- Submitting the guild event management plan (EMP)</p>
<p>- Making the necessary preparations for events E.g</p>
<p>- Room bookings</p>
<p>- Pizza orders</p>
<p>- Pizza pick up person</p>
<p>- Finding helpers for the event</p>
<p>- Allocating roles on the day</p>
<p>- Advertising</p>
<p>- How things will be advertising</p>
<p>- Who does what</p>
<p>- When things will be happening</p>
<p>Every subcommittee will have a contact person. This is for accountability</p>
<p>- Acting as a point of contact for people who need an update on event progress</p>
<p>- Giving short updates at committee meetings for:</p>
<p>- How things are going</p>
<p>- Problems</p>
<p>- Major changes</p>
<blockquote>
<p>- Leading the post event retrospective at the next full committee meeting</p>
<p>Message #general</p>
</blockquote></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>4</td>
<td></td>
<td><ul>
<li></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li></li>
</ul></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td></td>
<td><ul>
<li></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li></li>
</ul></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>6</td>
<td></td>
<td><ul>
<li></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li></li>
</ul></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>7</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>8</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>9</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

**Backlog**

-   
