---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2018-05-13
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.217

## Date: 2018-05-13

## Start: 10:40 a.m. 

## Attendance

### Committee

 - Nehal Ghuman
 - Isaac Waugh
 - Yi Juin Lim
 - Lincoln Short
 - Jim Dawes
 - Simeon Leatherland

### Guests

* none

### Apologies

* Jorel Paddick
* Jeremy Ciccarelli
- Christian Brunette

### Absent

 - Sam Bray
 - Ashtyn Antulov


## Old Minutes

* none

## Old Action Items

### List of new Upcoming Events

* Will need to ask Ash and Simeon
* Get an Event Calendar Poster
  * need to get a list of what's happening 

### Rocket Challenge

* posted
* some OOPD students asked Nehal about it

### Simeon on Mailing List

* not done yet
* also still need to update website for Committee list

### Signatories Change

* almost done
* just waiting for bankwest to send us some details on logging in
* then can start doing reimbursements really soon

## Treasury Report

- link : https://drive.google.com/open?id=1u9Oa4Kjd8kysh7IZjiAkWK0Kj0nkTtpd
- Ending: 2018-04-30 (30 days)
- revenue: $1429.06
  - $ 248 - pool table
  - $ 35 - cash deposit (Membership/Ticket Sales)
  - $ 20 - cash deposit (Merch-Shirt)
  - $ 35 - LAN Drinks + float
  - $ 136.01 - TidyHQ Stripes (Membership/Ticket Sales)
  - $ 955 - Membership Guild
  - $ 0.05 - Donation
- expenditure: $805.65
  - $ 237.55- LAN/Game Night
  - $ 220.10 - Pizza Reimbursement
  - $ 348 - Tax Repayment
- discrepancy: $ 1.50
- deposit: $ 0.00
- balance: $ 17,442.46

## Agenda Items

### Pool Table Equipment

* buy cheap ones online, maybe buy a bunch together and see if we can save some cost
* will start checking on a  week to week basis
* need to get cue tips

### End of Semester events

* LAN
  * maybe run a LAN after exam
  * looking around 23-24th June
* Laser-Tag?
  * how much: maybe around $20 for a few hours

### Common Room/Informal study area

* reaching out/complaints to Hana, Guild, School got us somewhere
* trying to still have the social aspect (else students wont go)
* going fine,  Nehal sent in the report of the different rooms

## Past Events

### LAN

* success
* everyone had a good time

## Upcoming Events

### Bowling

* selling $20 a ticket (loss of AUD3 per ticket)
* 6 tickets sold
* combined with WiECD , separate ticket sales but paying together (will sort out who's paying how much later)


### Movie Night

* Movie: Solo
* sometime between last teaching week or study week
* wont be able to do in Eng Pav
* looking at doing at Reading Cinema (will need to check with Hoyts)
* still need to file EMP
* looking at 630pm session (or maybe afternoon)
* will need to advertise soon

## General Discussion

###Pav access for ComSSA members

* not all ComSSA members have access to Pav
* communicating with security to do it in bulk

### Revision Session Rooms

* ucp and ise booked

### Early Bird Tickets

* early bird tickets for events. 
* people get tickets earlier. will get the hype going

### Game Jam

* hackathon of making a game in 3 days/a week
* thinking of running a workshop or two before it so everyone can do something
* isaac can maybe write up material for workshop, most people will have some programming experience so wont be so bad
* need to gauge interest still
* maybe a prize at the end
* isaac will be in charge

### Drink Sales

* need to make smarter decisions
* try to buy things when they are on sale

## New Action Items

* Simeon - file EMP for Movie Night
* Lincoln - adding Simeon to mailing list
* Ash - create an event calendar

## Next Meeting

* TBD

## Finish: 11:42 a.m. 