---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2016-02-10
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.219

## Date: 2016-02-10

## Start: 6:11PM

## Attendance

### Committee

  * James Borrett
  * Delan Azabani
  * Nathaniel Roach
  * Adam Parsons
  * Jordan Chou

### Guests

  * Kye

### Apologies

  * Connor Beardsmore
  	* Comes back 24th
  * Darryl Chng
  	* Comes back 17th

## Old Minutes

* Event schedule needs fixing

## Treasury Report

* Skip this one because treasurer is away

## Old Action Items

* Adam will make rectangular sticker design
	* Not done yet
* Adam will modify ComSSA membership stickers for 2016
	* Jordan did it
* Adam will create ComSSA square stickers
	* We can do square borders or die-cut borders
	* We can get 50 lots of both but will cost ~$20 more
	* Adam: Negligible increase in cost
* Adam make LAN event
	* Done
* Connor will purchase stickers
	* Jordan did it because he did the quote
* Connor books Quiz Night at the Tav
	* Did not do it
	* Re-assigned to Adam
* Darryl go to Tokyo Underground, Tactics and Quality Comics
	* Did not do it
	* Re-assigned to Delan, if he can't then Nathaniel will (subject to weather)
* Delan will update sponsors page
	* Done
* Jordan will send logo in to Bec for approval
	* Done
* Jordan will buy water for O-Day
	* Done
* Jordan will make Committee logo for committee shirts
	* Done
* Jordan add CoderDojo for Orientation presentation
	* No done yet, will do sometime before O-Day

## Past Events

### Startup LAN

* Kye: "Fucking terrible, I didn't like it"
* Delan: "Was a fucking abortion"
* Adam: "To have an abortion you need to have pro-creation first"
* Delan: First mistake was choosing a date that was too close, Given the choice between 1 week away and 3 weeks away we chose 1
* Next time we need 2 weeks to run it
* Delan: "In the meetings before the LAN we should plan all our tournaments and prizes"
* Adam wrote up a guide to LAN setup
* We should plan out our availibilities better
* What can we do differently?
	* We need to have a schedule with our members
	* We should have a minimum of 3 committee members at all time
	* Used to have the one person awake at night rule
	* We need to assign certain jobs that need to be done throughout the LAN
		* Things like tickets and collecting money
* We need to find out availibility and write it down
* The LAN won't run itself, we need to run it
* We should document everything about LAN setup and put it on the wiki
* We haven't really used the wiki documentation, only for things like power layouts
* At the next LAN we should take the time to document everything as we do it
* We should have a pre-LAN meeting, few days before, to discuss the things needed to be done
* Should have a dry run before the LAN to see what equipment is broken
* We should own more of the things we use for LAN's, things like speakers that Adam owns
	* Things like speakers, cables
* Should maybe separate the router from game server for Beep Boop 
* Could make BeepBoop have a steam cache so we don't have to rely on people
* We should make setup as automated as possible

## Future Events

### Computing Orientation

* Hannes wants us to do a speech
* 23rd February
* 10:30 - 13:30
* Hannes is running it

### Guild O-Day

* We need to have booklets
* Delan will complete the booklets
* We should get more information soon

### Board Games Event

* Adam: "Video games are stimulating (more than board games)"
* Hannes suggested to run this instead of the LAN
* We can run a LAN instead of this, it would save us buying board games
* We probably won't have enough to do it
* We could run the LAN after the Computing session

### Grill the Department

* Jordan booked it 
* Buy more sausages
* We need to have committee availibility for the BBQ
* We should use Mark's boiling strategy
* Guild gives us pretty much everything we need
* We'll buy our own sausages (as well as veg. sausages)
 
### ComSSA Talks: Atlassian Git

* Day of the Careers Fair (3rd March)
* We are providing pizza

### Talks from the Industry

* Delan spoke to someone from CITS and she is willing to do a talk
* The person from CITS also know grads that could give talks via Skype
* Could have people from outside Grad programs to give different perspectives
* Can't get a date until we get more speakers, will be in early April

## Merchandise

### ComSSA Shirts

* Ordered already
* Will take 4 weeks

### Stickers

* Membership Stickers
	* Should arrive soon
* Square/Die-cut Stickers
	* VOTE: We should buy 50 die-cut and 50 square 80mmX80mm stickers
	
		| For | Against | Abstain |
	|-----|---------|---------|
	| 4   |   0     |     1    |
	
		* Passes
* Cabinet/Pool Table Stickers
	* Still need a design

## Sponsorships

* A lot has happened since last meeting
* We found the correct PLE email to ask for sponsorships
* We have a PLE sponsorship, prizes and trade discount

### Atlassian

* We should just give them away
* The temporary tattoos are really good

## CoderDojo

* Jordan is venue officer, Darryl is comms officer, Scott is champion

## Computing Labs

* People make the labs dirty when they are already dirty
* We should go in and clean things up
* We could do some tidying up
* For things part of the room we should make a complaint
* Delan wants to start the cleaning around next week
* Jordan will help, Adam might come in after work finishes

## New Action Items

* Jordan add CoderDojo for Orientation presentation (old)
* Jordan fix up previous minutes
* Delan put a Doodle out for LAN prep dry run
* Adam to book Quiz Night at Tav
* Adam to make BeepBoop replaceable
* Spend money on LAN stuff
* Delan will make a Doodle for Computing Orientation availibility
* Delan will make event for ComSSA Talks: Atlassian Git
* Jordan will order 50 square and 50 die-cut 80mmX80mm stickers
* Adam will create design for cabinet/pool table stickers
* Darryl should put messages out asking for mentors
* Delan should make a public committee list
* Delan to finish off membership booklets

## Meeting Finish: 7:51PM