---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2016-01-29
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 215.100

## Date: 2016-01-29

## Start: 12:19PM

## Attendance

### Committee

  * Delan Azabani
  * Nathaniel Roach
  * Darryl Chn'g
  * Connor Beardsmore
  * Jordan Chou
  * Adam Parsons (arrived 12:38)

### Guests

  *  Gregg (left 1:22)

### Apologies

  * James Borrett
    * Has full time work until term starts

## Old Minutes

  * Fine

## Treasury Report
  * https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B3DjuQxrO3TYdmRMVWZzUXVXeVU
  * Duration: 31 days
  * Income: 
    * $48 - Pool
  * Expenditure: $81 
    * Token Issue Fee x 2 - $40
    * Drinks Lockers Padlocks - $16
    * Cable for PMS - $25
  * Profit: -$33

## Old Action Items

* Jordan register the club for Curtin Student Guild
    * Done
* Sponsorships discussion

## Office and Member Cardax

* Cardax for Connor, Darryl and Delan went through
* Member cardax will be done after big influx of members from O-Day

## CoderDojo

* Can try get some of the first years in on it
* Gregg: What are we actually doing, depends on what resources we can put towards it
* If we don't want to do it then just let Gregg know, but it will be appreciated if we do
* Important dates
    * 22nd Feb, leadership people need to get together for dojo leadership training
    * 9th March, scitech session
    * 12th March, internal training sessions
    * 19th March is the first session, runs every week except for Easter week
    * 21st May is final session of term 1, Gregg would like us to plan it, certificates, catering etc.
* Whoever is working with them will get a budget, it's really about the people making sure that they have set aside the time to do it. Gregg can provide resources to use
* Gregg wants this to be a ComSSA run event, communications will be from ComSSA, could be really good for us
* We get the visibility and part ownership of the dojo
* Kye and Jasmine ran the Dojo for a while
* Good for us, but bit of a pain
* Gregg has high expectations, e.g he expects us to step up to a professional tone, emailing parents etc. need them to trust us
* We have an expected level of professionalism and commitment
* What things does Gregg want to be done this year? 
    * Project room has really become a hardware room, no software projects yet
    * Hardware wise the Dojo is going well
    * Gregg would like us to have some software projects
    * Bring people in to show kids that industry side of things
    * Processing: Good programming language for art videos and basic image manipulation, you get instant gratification
    * Gregg is interested in hearing what we would like to do
* It's not our job to find the kids
* We just need to find out ways to keep kids engaged
* Try to get kids working on projects before the drop-off point (mid term)
* Have projects that take more than one weekend to finish, have the kids get familiarised with mentors so mentors can track their progress
* Our timeframe for finding people to fill the two office roles
    * Scott will be champion still
    * Gregg prefers a 4-person leadership role
    * 4th person is a regular mentor unless someone is missing/late
    * Might have to do a 2-phase mentor recruitment, first phase for familiar people, second phase for first years
    * We are allowed some creativity with the final session
* How can we get some engineering students on board?
    * Gregg: Engineering students aren't really interested in code
    * Something Engineering is working on
    * Easier for Gregg to recruit design students because they need Processing
    * Could ask CRC to help with the project room
* We need to help run the internal training session
    * Gregg will provide a budget for catering
    * Presentations are available
    * Gregg will tell us some people to invite
    * We basically host the session
    * Gregg can meet us a fortnight before to discuss things
* The whole point is to make it a student run dojo
* More advertising could be useful


##BREAK 1:26PM

## MEETING CONTINUED: 1:54PM

## Booking events with Amanda

* Do it when she gets finalised timetables (around next week)
* We should book all Pav events at the same time
* If she has something in Outlook then nothing can clash other than classes 

##BREAK: 2:00PM

## MEETING CONTINUED: 2:20PM

## Grants and Merchandise

### **Shirts**

   * What kind of shirts should we buy?
   * Concept has $750 grant one use
   * Printing is $350 multiple transactions
   * We have a lot of different things we want
       * Posters - Events
       * Delan wants another banner with 'new' logo
       * Die-cut stickers
       * Booklets
   * In the past we have done committee shirts
   * Plain shirts, with logo maybe some variation for committee
   * Copy and Design allows us to provide our own shirts
   * Jordan called and the lady said that Guild logo is optional
     * Costs $4.50 extra per logo per shirt
     * Unclear if we actually need it or not
     * Might need it since Guild is doing the grant
   * We could sell shirts to members
   * Could give out shirts as prizes
   * Should go with Concept because of much larger grant and there isn't much else that is worth using the grant on
   * We can buy more shirts with Concept
   * Copy & Design grant can be used for other things
   * Screen printing for Concept, like PAOTM
   * Vinyl cut is what Copy and Design does, at least it's not heat transfer
   * Committee members have fist logo with "Committee" under it
   * Normal members have fist logo with "ComSSA" under it (normal logo)
   * White logo on black
   * Email sizes into lists

	
**VOTE**: We should use Curtin Concept $750 grant for shirts
	
| For | Against | Abstain |
|-----|---------|---------|
|  6  |   0     |    0    |

* Passes


**VOTE**: We should fully subsidise shirts for current committee.
	
| For | Against | Abstain |
|-----|---------|---------|
|  6  |   0     |   0     |
		
* Passes
	
**VOTE**: We should sell shirts to members for $20.

| For | Against | Abstain |
|-----|---------|---------|
| 6   |   0     |     0    |
	
   * Passes



### **Banners**
   * Two sizes
       * Small: 900mx1500m - $164.85
       * Large: 900mx2000m - $178.00
   * If our existing banner is smaller and we want a big one then might need to change banner


**VOTE**: We should unconditionally get a banner, big or small.

| For | Against | Abstain |
|-----|---------|---------|
|  6  |   0     |    0    |

* Passes

### **Stickers**
   * Previous years (2015) membership stickers wore out easily
   * stickers.net.au has good stickers

**VOTE**: We should get membership stickers from stickers.net.au.
	
| For | Against | Abstain |
|-----|---------|---------|
|  6   |   0      |   0      |

* Passes
	
**VOTE**: We should buy 10x 400mmx150mm rectangular stickers for $63

* Also fits on cabinet 
	
| For | Against | Abstain |
|-----|---------|---------|
|  5   |   0      |   1      |

* Passes
	
**VOTE**: We should buy 100x80mm square stickers for $64.
	
| For | Against | Abstain |
|-----|---------|---------|
|  5   |   0      |   1      |

* Passes

**VOTE**: We should put 2 of the 400mmx150mm rectangular stickers on the pool table 

| For | Against | Abstain |
|-----|---------|---------|
|  4  |   1    |     1   |

* Passes

## Sponsorships
* PLE
	* Delan emailed PLE today
	* We were sponsored by them a long time ago
	* Delan bumped into someone from PLE and got the proper email address to send to

* Atlassian
	* Dan Lacey contacted Delan
	* Atlassian wants to sponsor us, we have a lot of people there
	* They want to give us lots of swag, which is great
	* We should send them some shirts and stickers
	* Thursday 3rd of March they are coming to Careers Fair at Curtin
	* They could run a talk on Intro to Git the day after it
	* We could ask them for co-location for server
* Someone needs to go to Tactics, Tokyo Underground, Quality Comics
	* Darryl will do it

## PMS

* Pretty much ready to go, everything is still manual until the automatic stuff gets done
* If there is an issue with a VM then they would need to contact us to fix it
* RAID card has been replaced, it's slow but not an issue
* If people want VM's then they can just ask us, not advertised yet
* Lost contact with the case guy, the guy disappeared

## Guild Registration/COMSSAtution

* We went to see Bec, Liam is the General Secretary - he will have the details of what to change with our constitution
* Need to get rid of the odd number OCM rule
	* Pointless rule since we don't have usually have full attendance
* Need to put back the SGM requirement
* Delan will comb over it and remove redundancies
* Our guild registration is good to go for now, we can use our grants
 
## Events Planning

* Lecture times:
	* DSA: Monday 1-3PM
	* ISE: Thursday 10-12PM
	* OOPD: 3-5PM

* SEMESTER 1
 
	| CW | TW   | Event                          | Date                                  | Rationale                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|----|------|--------------------------------|---------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1  | 1    | ComSSA: Grill the Department   | Wednesday 2nd March                   | Was discussed at the Meeting with Department. We agreed on this day.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| 1  | 1    | Careers Fair: Atlassian        | Thursday 3rd March                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 1  | 1    | ComSSA Talk: Atlassian Edition | Thursday 3rd OR Friday 4th            | Atlassian wants to have a talk to promote themselves and teach people git.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| 2  | 2    | *night                         | Wednesday 9th March                   |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 3  | 3    | ComSSA Ice Skating                    | Friday 18th March 7:30-10:00          | At this time of the year is all free (sessions are for public), you can pick a bunch of nights and some nights are discounted, tradeoff is that they are shorter (30mins). Good thing about Friday is that it's longer and we get the group booking discount. In this semester the OOPD and OS lectures all end at 5pm and then they can go to ice skating. |
| 4  | 4    | ComSSA SGM                            | -                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 4  | 4    | *night                         | Wednesday 23rd March                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 4  | 4    | ComSSA Talk                    | -                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 4  | 4    | ComSSA LAN                            | Friday 25th March - Sunday 27th March |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 5  | FREE | ComSSA Revision Sessions              | -                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 6  | 5    | *night                         | Wednesday 6th April                   |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 6  | 5    | ComSSA TFTI                           | -                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 6  | 5    | ComSSA Rock Climbing                  | Friday 8th April 6:00-10:00           | Starts at 6PM because lectures end at 5PM, gives people time to get food and stuff                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| 7  | 6    | ComSSA Talk                    | -                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 7  | 6    | ComSSA LAN                            | Friday 15th April - Sunday 17th April |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 8  | FREE | ComSSA Revision Sessions              | -                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 9  | 7    | Gundam Night                    | Tuesday 26th April |
| 9  | 7    | *night   | | |
| 10 | 8    | ComSSA Pot Black                      | Thursday 5th May                      |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 10 | 8    | ComSSA Talk                    | -                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 11 | 9    | *night                         | Wednesday 11th May                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 13 | 11   | ComSSA Talk                    | -                                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             

* SEMESTER 2
	
	| CW | TW   | Event                  | Date                                          | Rationale |
|----|------|------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|-----------|
| 1 | 1     | ComSSA Talk            | Monday 1st August  |
| 2 |  2    | Tour (?)               | Tuesday 9th August   |
| 2  | 2    | *night                 | Wednesday 10th August                         |           |
| 4  |  4   | ComSSA Talk            | Monday 22nd August
| 4  | 4    | *night                 | Wednesday 24th August                         |           |
| 4  | 4    | ComSSA LAN                    | Friday 26th August - Sunday 28th August       |           |
| 5  | FREE | ComSSA Revision               |                                               |           |
| 6  | 5    | ComSSA TFTI | -                                             |           |
| 7  | 6    | ComSSA Talk           |                                               |           |
| 7  | 6    | ComSSA Gundam Night           | Tuesday 14th September                        |           |
| 8  | 7    | *night                 | Wednesday 21st September                      |           |
| 8  | 7    | ComSSA LAN                    | Friday 23rd September - Sunday 25th September |           |
| 9  | FREE | ComSSA Revision               |                                               |           |
| 10 | 8    | ComSSA Talk           |                                               |           |
| 10 | 8    | *night                 | Wednesday 5th October                         |           |
| 10 | 8    | ComSSA Pot Black              | Thursday 6th 8:00-10:00PM                     |           |
| 11 | 9    | ComSSA Quiz Night             | Thursday 13th October OR Friday 14th October  |           |
| 12 | 10   | ComSSA AGM                    | Wednesday 19th October                        |           |
| 13 | 11   | ComSSA Talk          |                                               |           |

## Past Events

### Meeting with Department

* What have we done?
	* We held TFTI and a lot of revision sessions
		* They mentioned that the revision sessions really helped pass rates
* What are we going to do?
	* TFTI
	* We are going to do more sessions with other units like ISAD1000 and OOSE
	* CysCA team
	* Technical talks, ComSSA Talks
		* They don't want us to contradict their teachings like multiple returns
		* How to Linux, how to git
		* Get students to practice speaking
* What can we do?
	* Clear up misconceptions
	* For prospective students, they want us to push the idea that things are being revamped to be more job-like
	* They want us to get a lot of feedback from students
* What do we want
	* Cabinet, Mark is willing to let us use a spare one, we can buy another one
	* Cabinet footprint has to be the same as as a locker
	* Computing's help to talk to Guild about common room
		* Approach that Hannes suggested probably wouldn't work since there are no club spaces
		* Guild is unlikely to get us a room
	* Server hosting
		* Physical space is not a problem for us
		* Former computing students at CITS could help us

## Future Events

### LAN

* From 5th Friday 8AM -> 8th Monday 11PM
* Entire level 3

### O-Week Board Games Event

* Hannes would like us to run it
* Goal is to help people get to know each other
* We don't own many board games, we need to buy some


## New Action Items

* Adam will make rectangular sticker design
* Adam will modify ComSSA membership stickers for 2016
* Adam will create ComSSA square stickers
* Adam make LAN event
* Connor will purchase stickers
* Connor books Quiz Night at the Tav
* Darryl go to Tokyo Underground, Tactics and Quality Comics
* Delan will update sponsors page
* Jordan will send logo in to Bec for approval
* Jordan will buy water for O-Day
* Jordan will make Committee logo for committee shirts
* Jordan add CoderDojo for Orientation presentation

## Meeting Finish: 6:53PM

## Next meeting: Before O-Week


