---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 
---

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 215.104

## Date: Monday 28th December 2015

## Start: 6:08PM

## Attendance

### Committee

  * Adam Parsons
  * Darryl Ch'ng
  * Delan Azabani
  * Connor Beardsmore
  * Jordan Chou

### Apologies

  * Nathaniel Roach
  * James Borrett

## Old Minutes

* Fine

## Treasury Report

  * https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B3DjuQxrO3TYOE9GWlNLNW9ISkE
  * Duration: 9 days
  * Opening: $2,648.37
  * Income: $1,099.05
	* Cash deposits: $1,099.05
  * Expenditure: -
  * Profit: $1,099.05

## Old Action Items

* Delan to email Esther asking if she could send an email to staff (old)
  * Will be done after uni opens
* Delan take prizes home (old)
  * Connor did it
* Jordan will do shirts (old)
  * Ongoing
* Jordan checks TidyClub for Guild (old)
  * Done
* Darryl makes his spending policy (old)
  * Done
* Jordan adds ComSSA Cysca team task to TidyClub
  * Done

## Future Events

### Meeting with Department

* It’s been a year since we last met with Computing
* What have we done for the department and its students?
	* Talks from the Industry (× 2, including Bankwest, iiNet, Thales, Atlassian, etc.)
	* First year revision sessions (OOPD, DSA, DS, UCP)
* What are we planning to do this year?
	* More exam revision sessions, for other units with high fail rates such as ISE
	* CySCA team and training
	* Talks by students, for students (on topics not covered by any units)
* What could we do this year?
* What are we looking for this year?
	* Cabinet in the corner of 314.221?
	  * Have to ask properties
	* Promotion in the first lectures of first year units?
	* Representation in talks with the Guild about our common room?
	  * Unlikely, but give it a go anyway
	* Ask lecturers to help with revision sessions

## Interim Vice President

* Jacob Chapman (VP) sent in his resignation on Dec 22nd
* We will need to vote in an interim VP
* Nominations:
	* Adam Parsons
* Vote
	* Need absolute majority vote, so need at least 4 votes for
* VOTE: Adam Parsons to be interim-Vice President
	
 | For | Against | Abstain |
|-----|---------|---------|
| 5   | 0       | 0       |

* Adam Parsons will be interim Vice-President
* Current Committee is

 | Position     | Name    |
|----------------|-------------------|
| President      | Delan Azabani     |
| Vice-President | Adam Parsons      |
| Treasurer      | Darryl Ch'ng      |
| Secretary      | Jordan Chou       |
| OCM            | Connor Beardsmore |
| OCM            | James Borrett     |
| OCM            | Nathaniel Roach   |

* Need two to sign off on transactions
* Executive committee shall have signing authority on all accounts
* Need SGM at the beginning of the year
* Shill the SGM at Guild Day signups and at first week lectures
* Signatories
	* Jacob is assumably willing to help
	* Delan needs to get his token
	* The forms still need to be signed by Darryl and Jacob
	* Darryl will ask for what is best when he goes in to sign the form
	* Could have all of executive committee as signatories


## Club Merchandise Grant

* According to Luke there was a vote a while back to use the grant to buy merch for the club, not just for shirts (which is why we paid $20 each even though the grant covered it all)
* NOTE: Vote is in "Minutes for 2015-04-02"
* This didn’t happen, since it took so long to get the shirts
* Do we want to use the grant for merch and each pay $20 for shirts to offset this or just fully subsidise the shirts
* We could buy normal t-shirts, vinyl shirts
* We could buy generic shirts for committee with just logo
* Concept opens on the 18th
* Vote postponed until later meeting on shirts

## Stickers

* Our stickers are bad
* EMAS has nice stickers
* They got it from stickers.net.au

## Coder Dojo

* We should shill it more
* We can do posters (Guild) for Coder Dojo

## PMS situation

* Adam found that pms’ backplane can’t take more than 2 TB of drives in total
* We should look into ways in which we can attach external storage
* Colocating the emubox or a similar machine for storage may be viable
* Ask UCC about whether or not we can borrow about 4U above pms
* If they say yes, we should bring the emubox up to scratch
  * In particular, its current PSU may be killing other components

## New Action Items
* Jordan register the club for Curtin Student Guild
* Next meeting we need to discuss sponsorships


## Meeting Finish: 7:35PM