---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2016-08-22
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue:

## Date: 2016-08-22

## Start: 16:04

## Attendance

### Committee
  * Adam Parsons
  * Delan Azabani
  * Josh Yeo
  * James Borrett
  * Nathaniel Roach

### Apologies

  * Sandro Stikic
  * Darryl Chng

## Old Minutes

* Fine

## Treasury Report

  * https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B2MeTPXNYWGTX0pvOFNOS3doV0ZOZVBiSEdDcVFNQ2hqbWtB
  * Duration: 08/08/16 - 21/08/16 (13 days)
  * Income:
    * Pool $192.00
    * Memberships $9.22
  * Expenditure:
    * OOPD Revision $41.15
    * AWS $22.85

  * Profit: $137.22

## Pavilion duties

* All good
* All sorted out for now

## Presence and postering

* Three posters that were originally suggested have been made
* We still need a poster for general presence

## Guild correspondence

* In our backlog is updating our financial details with guild
* Email is from a while ago from accounts person of Guild
* Should task this to Darryl 

## Shirts and merchandise

* Poster has been made
* Someone needs to count all of our merch
* Jordan will make a post on Facebook and TidyClub
* Nathaniel will count our merchandise and update our numbers

## Old Action Items

 * Delan to make posters to sell shirts and merchandise (old)
  * Done
 * Delan will look into making events overview poster, and a general club poster
  * Done
 * Delan to formalise the reasons for space (old)
  * Not done
 * Delan go through old minutes
  * Not done, halfway through
 * Delan talk to #SYSOP to discuss sharing costs and take out a reserved instance for arctic
  * Done
 * Signatories to give Bankwest TFN's 
  * Not done  
 * Delan will try to get the signatory form to add Adam
  * Done
 * [TODO] (IRC) Sort out ABN
  * Adam has to ask Kye about changing ABN
 * Adam to set a roster using Doodle for pool table
  * Done
 * Delan will remove references to pavilion on website and booklet
  * Website is done
 * Adam will update committee members on website
  * Done
 * [TODO] Fill out calendar
  * All current events need to be added to calendar (poster events)
 * Delan will email people for TFTI
  * Done
 * [TODO][URGENT] EMP for TFTI
  * Done
 * Nathaniel to add cabinet/door codes to wiki page
  * Done

## Past Events

### ComSSA Talk: Intro to Linux

* Was good
* 60 actual people attended
* Was run well
* Ran out of capacity
* Slides should be going up on website

### OOPD Test 1 Revision

* 70-80 people showed up
* Went well

## Upcoming Events

### Revision sessions
 * UCP Test 1
  * Delan would be running it
 
 * DSA Mid Sem
  * Connor would be running it
  
 * DS Mid Sem 
  * Still needs to be organized
 
 * OOPD Test 2
  * Still needs to be organized
  
 * UCP Test 2
  * Still needs to be organized

### Talks from the Industry

* Have confirmed Kye
* Adam (Bankwest) has said okay
* Would be good to record it
* Probably going to get sculpture as the room


### Gundam night

 * See Delan’s email; this will be on indefinite hold
 * We have some gundam on our prize box but they are all the same one
 * Would be really boring if everyone builds the same one

### Community talks

* No one has proposed a talk yet
* We could do a post in the Facebook group/on the page
* We haven't shilled Talks from the Industry yet
* When we advertise TFTI we can tell people about the subsequent talks


### Quiz night

* Is in a month and a half
* Need an MC
* Need to be getting questions done
* Questions are due in 2 1/2 weeks time
* Still need EMP and food booking

### AGM

* Nothing new to add
* We want to consolidate our reasons for space at the AGM
* Get people to sign it
* Needs to be done properly


### Adventure World

* End of semester splash
* We need to assign Adventure World to someone
* Should be fine for Friday 02/12
* Delegated to Josh
* Write an EMP and claim our Sponsorship Grant as soon as possible
* Call Adventure World find out their prices as soon as possible


### LAN

* Should be fine for Saturday 03/12
* Delegated to Adam, if he continues to be a committee member
  * LAN is actually the next committee’s responsibility
  * Handover occurs in the middle of Adventure World
* Most of the LAN gear that still belongs to Adam is related to audio
* New amplifiers are still too expensive to justify for three a year
  * Ideally we would have many HDMI ports, but one audio channel
  * Perhaps we could build our own?


### ComSSA accounts

* Migrated James today; will create an account for Darryl tomorrow
* ZNC is our first real service to be integrated with LDAP



## New Action Items

   * Nathaniel count the shirts that we have
   * Jordan send out Facebook/TidyHQ post about shirts and merch
   * Adam edit the site to add "Talks" and "Revision" headers/tabs
   * Jordan add the revision sessions to Trello event organisation
   * Darryl book food and get the grant for Quiz Night


## Meeting Finish: 18:05









