---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2017-04-02
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.231A

## Date: 2017-04-02

## Start: 2:04pm

## Attendance

### Committee
- Jordan Chou
- Connor Beardsmore
- Jordan Van Elden
- Josh Yeo
- Luke Mercuri
- Luke Healy
- Jordan Yeo
- Sam Stoddard
- Ashtyn Antulov

### Guests
- none

### Apologies
- Jean Lim

### Absent
- Adam Parsons

## Old Minutes
- No issues

## Old Action Items
- Adam - look at fixing Ling
- Sam - email IBM about TFTI
    - emailed, went in to their business machine
    - unlikely to get a response before this tfti
- Connor - TFTI poster
    - done
- Luke M - LAN poster
    - done
- Jordan C - call security for LAN
    - done
- Adam - contact V reps
- Sam - plan for ISE revision session
    - done
- Luke H - speak to Valerie about FOP revision session
    - will go ahead with a session

## Treasury Report

- https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B44MdpDMxkWrLWtYSHlqcjBNMTA
- Ending: 2017-04-02 (13 days)
- revenue: $610.31
	- $286.00 - pool table
	- $51.31 - stripe
	- $1.00 - Atlassian
	- $272.00 - Cash deposit
- expenditure: $70.65
    - $70.65 - OOPD Revision Catering
- discrepancy: $0.00
- deposit: $0.00 (pending)
- balance: $1863.26

### Tax Returns & Registry Form
- Will get AGM minutes and submit them
- Will call register and see if it has been updated

## Agenda Items

### PLE Sponsorship
- Connor and Luke M went the other day
- Shop checkout person was not very aware of sponsorship
- Should try to contact Hannah again to confirm sponsorship
- Is a valuable sponsorship
    - Many people still sign up just for the PLE discount

## Past Events

### ISE Test 1 Revision
- Sam ran, first time running a session
- Overall went well
- Sam happy to run again

## Upcoming Events

### TFTI
- Speakers
    - 4 confirmed
    - Sort out timing of speakers
- Availabilities
- Advertising
    - Shill in tutes
    - Maybe in lectures also
    - Jordan C emailed Hannes to do an announcement
- Catering
    - Pizza's ordered already
    - Josh ordered

### LAN
- Availabilities
- Setup
    - Booking starts at 3pm
    - Do a quick clean up from after coder dojo
    - Might have to get more drinks after TFTI
- Networking ( 2 rooms )
    - Also need to make sure we can connect to projector
        - Requires VGA
- Prizes
    - Sorted
- Tournaments
    - Sorted
- Advertising
    - Poster done
    - Sold 26 tickets
    - Shill at lectures/tutorials
    - Post scheduled for facebook page
- Luke H has a draft schedule
    - Loosely try to stick to that

### Upcoming Revisions Sessions
- DSA Midsemester
    - Will be after break
    - Connor, Luke and Wilfred running
    - Same day as OOPD Test 2
- OOPD Test 2
    - Same day as DSA
    - Should have DSA and OOPD sessions back to back
- FOP Midsemester
    - Need tutors that know python
        - Connor, Ashtyn and Josh volunteered to help
    - Test is week 9

## General Discussion

### Keys
- Check with Darryl and James if they still have keys

### Common Room
- Ashtyn sent more photos/documents/statistics in to Nicc
- Nicc replied and said she is considering it a priority now
- Waiting to hear back about more progress
- Might also contact a representative from guild
    - To try to get more guild support

## New Action Items
- Ashtyn - get cloth tape before LAN
- Luke H - Ice for LAN
- Connor - Drinks for LAN

## Next Meeting
- TBD

## Finish: 2:41pm