---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2018-04-06
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Special General Meeting

## Venue: 314.224 

## Date: 2018-04-06

## Start: 04:00pm  

## Attendance

### Committee

* Ashtyn Antulov

* Nehal Ghuman

* Yi Juin Lim

* Lincoln Short

* Isaac Waugh

* Christian Brunette

* Jim Dawes

* Sam Bray

* Jorel Paddick

### Guests

* SGM
  * Returning Officer: Adam Parsons
  * Members: 35 people

* Meeting (After SGM)

  * Sam Stoddart

  * Jhi Morris 

   * Joe Thorpe
   * Kai Ciccarelli
   * Owen Frere 
   * Rayden
   * Matt Oldfield
   * Matthew Cheong
   * Josh Yeo
   * Simeon Leatherland
   * Chris Chang
   * Luke Mercuri

### Apologies

* Jeremy Ciccarelli

### Absent

* none

## Old Minutes

* accepted

## Old Action Items

### WIECD + ComSSA

* combination of 2 clubs for events
* e.g. bowling, ice skating etc
* haven't made any formal progress
  * still need to speak to their president 

### Bank Access

* resolved
* all signatories have bank access
* reimbursement all done too
* if anyone has any remaining, please submit 
  * Jeremy still needs to send his for stickers

## Treasury Report

* Reimbursed everyone who ComSSA owed money too.
* still waiting for money to form guild for club vouchers

### March 2018

- https://drive.google.com/open?id=1o-63FqmGm3jkbtFM7ZZY62jTnwSY6_xt
- Ending: 2018-03-31 (31 days)
- revenue: $1787.99
  - $595.20 - Pool Table 
  - $371.65 -  Membership/Ticket Sales (Cash Deposit)
  - $601.04 -  Membership/Ticket Sales (TidyHQ Stripes)
  - $220.10 - Reimbursement for Pizza
- expenditure: $1,673.29
  - $327.12 - Annual TidyHQ Subscription Renewal
  - $28.77 - Printing for Revision Session (2017)
  - $199.00 - Business Name Renewal
  - $819.00 - ComSSA Ice Breaker Event Tickets
  - $106.70 - Grill The Department Drinks and Ice
  - $192.70 - Moving Safe Money to Bank
- discrepancy: $0
- deposit: $ 0
- balance: $16,820.55

### February 2018

- https://drive.google.com/open?id=10aNkJq80VLhXUli7yv-9CsIM2kodR04O
- Ending: 2018-02-28 (28 days)
- revenue: $21.76
  - $21.76 - Membership/Ticket Sales (TidyHQ Stripes)
- expenditure: $90
  - $90 - Expired Guild 2017 Vouchers
- discrepancy: $0
- deposit: $ 0
- balance: $16,705.85

### January 2018

- https://drive.google.com/open?id=1luJg5IQQzy2fm2yUry3cVFoYBEUj6rsW
- Ending: 2018-01-31 (31 days)
- revenue: $0
- expenditure: $0
- discrepancy: $0
- deposit: $0
- balance: $16,774.09

### December 2017

- https://drive.google.com/open?id=1iOiZ6fmKC3t2rAbklTY3gOg9gCqfM456
- Ending: 2017-12-31 (31 days)
- revenue: $251.53
  - $251.53 - Membership/Ticket Sales (TidyHQ Stripes)
- expenditure: $0
- discrepancy: $0
- deposit: $ 0
- balance: $16,774.09

### November 2017

- https://drive.google.com/open?id=15wE2y7-1WUN5_wEtmqZ5dO4kLazMeuq9
- Ending: 2017-11-30 (19 days)
- revenue: $181.28
  - $181.28 - Membership/Ticket Sales (TidyHQ Stripes)
- expenditure: $0
- discrepancy: $0
- deposit: $0
- balance: $16,522.56

## Agenda Items

### Ex President 

* Sam gave a touching thank you speech

### President Vote

* Attendance: 35 members (including committee)
* Vote on Adam Parson being returning officer
  * simple majority passed
* Candidates
  * Nehal Ghuman
* Voting: Simple majority vote
  * Results:
    * Nehal voted in as President uncontested

### Treasurer Vote

* Candidates
  * Isaac Waugh
* Voting: Simple majority vote
  * Results:
    * Isaac voted in as Treasurer uncontested

### Past and Upcoming Events

* Jean gave a quick overview of past events
  * OOPD and UCP revision session over 300 students attended
    * thanks Sam, Jeremy for running OOPD
    * thanks Christian, Sara for running UCP
  * Atlassian Talk and Internships talk
  * social : grill the department, ice skating
  * thanks everyone for coming and supporting our events
* Ash gave a quick overview of upcoming events
  * mostly revisions sessions (OOPC, ISE, UCP, FOP)
  * social: LAN

### SGM treasury report 

* loss in ice skating (since we're not trying to make money)
* expenditure - services like business name and tidyhq subscription
* income : pool table and membership
* expenditure just slightly less than income, pretty good 
* no objections to the report

### OCM Vote 

* open till today if anyone else wants to put their name down
* not voting/deciding on the spot today 
* Jhi Morris wants to put his name down
* Candidates:
  * Jhi Morris
    * first year in computing
    * why: can do some good for comssa, community, will give a lot of effort to benefit comssa and students, do something for Curtin as a whole 
  * Joe
    * first year in computing
    * time as very valuable, have a lot of time, and wants to see comssa grow, know how to make a club grow and want to bring the same thing to comssa
  * Simeon
    * why: comssa revision sessions have helped him out a lot, want to give back to the club
  * Chris
* SamS:
  * OCM is really great and can make difference, can get a vote in the committee. But also not the only way for members to get involved
* Preferably all of committee to decide together instead of just exec committee

### Committee responsibility for running events

* On us on getting assistance from regular members, but have one person of committee responsible.
* committee members will have responsibility of an event, but normal members feel free to get involved
* normal members are welcomed to coming and help out at events

### Revision Sessions 

* ISE
  * 90 sign ups
  * got around 7-8 tutors 
  * SamS happy to run the second ISE
* FOP 
  * Chris running it 

### Eng Pav room Card access 

* Jermey, Jorel, new OCM still dont have access
* some should have access, but doesn't work
  * everyone need to go check their cards at Eng Pav
* go to Amanda (the room next to our room in Eng Pav) and ask from her 

### Whiteboard advertising

* Amy’s message earlier regarding whiteboard advertising
* taking up too much space
  * make sure keep it small and at the edge 

### Social events for rest of semester

* Bowling
  * will be good 
  * thinking about feasibility
  * sometime in May
* Bounce?
* Games Night/Movie Night?
  * Jhi: awesome to have big events (ice skating etc), good to also have smaller events where you can meet people outside of your year group, put thought into events
    * low overhead
    * something more regular, like per fortnight
    * just need someone to work out what movie to watch 
    * can get recommendations for movies as well 
    * Nehal: will need to have someone in charge, to organise and setting up
* Laser Tag?
* Hackaton
  * Isaac: run it during when it's more convenient for us (usually during busy periods)
  * Simeon: can go to someone in the industry to ask for like sponsorship and ideas 
* Hacking Challenges
  * WACTF
  * CysCA
    * Mihai, LukeH, Josh, and LukeM gave training last year for CysCA
* Game Dev
  * need to actually find someone who knows
  * Isaac start doing research into it - on feasibility

### Inter-Club Olympics

* Josh and Ash keen


* all the clubs on campus have a day 
* meet diff people from diff parts of the uni
* happy to join 
* Ash will fill in forms needed

### TFTI speakers (Atlassian, Avanade)

* 18th of April 
* Avanade
  * maybe
* SMS
  * yes
* Diamond
  * not responded
* SamS still happy to run it 
  * room booking is done
  * just need to do advertising, pizza
  * Jean happy to help 
* last time complaints:
  * didn't have seats for speakers
* schedule
  * google form to submit questions
  * 10-15 mins to speak
  * 5 mins to rest
  * a panel at the end 

### ComSSA Jobs

* happy to just send it to the ComSSA Jobs 
* and maybe on one of the channel on the computing discord

### Training new Treasurer up

* Nehal and Isaac will figure out something soon
* SamS and Nehal as well 

### Reaching out to guild again on labs condition

* Amy and Mark has requested we reach out again cause there was some news before but it died down due to change of management
* Ash met up with Hana (from Science and Eng Faculty) 2 weeks ago
  * really organised and keen to help
  * in the process of who's making the funding
  * need to find Ling as well 
* SamS has sent out mail to the important people in the faculty
* this also has a possibly of getting a bad outcome
* things to make clear of what the labs need : projectors, consoles, space


## Past Events

### ComSSA on Ice - 16 Mar

* success

### EY Recruitment Event

* Lessons learned?
  * double check on EMP next time 
* merged event with Curtin IET on Campus and ACES(Association of Chemical Engineering Students)
* good turn up of computing students as well
* went better than we would have been by ourselves

### Revision Sessions

* UCP, OOPD 
  * good 

### Atlassian Recruitment Talk - 14 Mar

* excellent turn out 

### Internship Talk - 28 Mar

* good 

## Upcoming Events

### TFTI

* 18th April
* Venue Booking: done
* Who’s in charge of it: SamS still happy to be in charge
* Advertising: starting soon

### SGM

* all good 

### LAN

* room booking
  * talking to tele 
* EMP submitted

### Upcoming revision sessions

* Units
  * OOPD
    * Jeremy happy to do next
    * need to change some of Jordan's stuff but no source code
  * ISE
    * SamS
  * UCP
    * Christian
    * need to book room for UCP
  * DSA
    * SamB
    * already have materials, just need to change to write this up in python and java (instead of just java)
    * need to work out who's rotating between DSA and FOP
      * cause both need someone who knows Python
  * get something for Michelle, been really helpful
* Room booking
  * all done except for UCP
  * Speak to UC and book with Michelle Cutinha
  * Book all remaining sessions now? (Up to exam revision sessions)
    * can do it once exam timetable is out


- SamB: swapping OOPD and DSA booking for rooms cause OOPD will have more attendance
  - tutors might need to swap between rooms
  - 3 different sessions on the 15th, FOP, OOPD and ISE

## General Discussion

### How to get involved with ComSSA

- question on discord
- can be involved even not OCM
- can bring things up in meetings
  - non committee can come anyway
  - we'll start advertise on discord
  - meeting is an open forum
- can also help up with events if they want
  - not just applicable to committee

### Guild Ball

- combined ball with all the other STEM clubs in Curtin
- is anyone interested in this being a thing
  - WIECD trying to reduce stigma as well, combine events with ComSSA
  - will give more details in the next meeting
  - quite a bit of people interested
  - price not set yet but will be around $100-150, might be lower depending on the amount of people 

### Sponsors

* get monetary stuff from sponsors

### Quiz Night

* food been approved for quiz night

### Safe

- have some float as per constitution and comssa stickers in a locker (out of senior tutes)

### Adventure world

- good idea to do early mid next semester for tickets 

### Cue Tips for Pool Table

- someone might be intentionally destroying
  - replaced 3 times in 2 weeks
- buy good cues, buy in bulk
- maybe put up signs

## New Action Items

* Everyone - try if their cards work with Eng Pav in the coming week
* Isaac - research on feasibility of running a game dev session/event
* Ash - fill in the forms needed for Inter Club Olympics
* Nehal - figure out what Delan had paid and how much

## Next Meeting

* TBD

## Finish: 6:00 pm 