---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2017-12-09
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314

## Date: 2017-12-09

## Start: 11:06 a.m.

## Attendance

### Committee

- Sam Stoddart
- Lincoln Short
- Ashtyn Antulov
- Yi Juin Lim
- Isaac Waugh
- Jeremy Ciccarelli
- Christian Brunette
- Jim Dawes

### Guests

- Jordan Yeo

### Apologies

- Luke Healy
- Nehal Ghuman

### Absent

- Sam Bray

## Old Minutes

- none

## Old Action Items

### Sam S - What is Delan still paying for

- got access to wiki, need everyone to sign up for accounts

### Sam S - EY Meeting

- keen to sponsor

### Nehal - Contact PLE

- drafted letter, just need to send through
- will delegate someone else to send it (Nehal is overseas)

## Treasury Report

- none yet, will have double report next meeting

## Agenda Items

## Past Events

### OOPD Revision

- all went well

### UCP Revision

- all went well

### DSA Revision

- all went well

### DS Revision

- Room booking
  - contacted Michelle, but turned out cannot book rooms for clubs, Hannes had to step in as a lecturer. Managed to get it booked
  - next time just mention rooms are for the department

### Adventure World

- all went well 
- Jordan Y bought an extra ticket, still needs to be reimbursed

## Upcoming Events

### LAN

- EMP approved
  - Room booked
  - Tickets and advertising done
  - Need to start setting up early afternoon
  - Drinks + ice
    - Ashtyin will get it 
  - Steam vouchers for prizes, some snacks for door prizes
  - Gear
  - Room layout
  - Tables
  - Attendance
  - Schedule
    - has been sent out
  - Tournaments
    - Quiplash
    - Overcooked
    - Halo 1 (maybe )

## General Discussion

### Handover

- Induction for Isaac
- Bank Signatories
  - Ashtyn will go hand in the forms 
- Club registration
  - all done, just need bank signatories
- Food handling certificate
  - Sam has one
- Ling stuff
  - pretty tricky, but Sam knows how it works now

### Ordering 2018 Resources

- Stickers
  - Jeremy will do it
- Hoodies/Shirts
  - Jeremy will find out who the supplier is from Jordan C
  - need to check current stock in the cabinet
  - can gauge interest in the first few weeks of uni before ordering
- Other Merch

### Roles for 2018

- Assigning roles and events, not the only one doing it, just being in charge
- Luke H might drop OCM
- Social Media and PR
  - Regular facebook posts including pictures of recent events etc
  - Events calendar on website
  - Jeremy will be in charge
- Sponsor outreach
  - possibly/mostly similar with social media and PR role
  - Jim will be in charge
- Guild Interface
  - talking to the guild about advocacy issues
  - submits EMP to Guild (EMP will still be filled in by the person in charge of  the event )
  - Issac will be in charge
- Website and wiki manager
  - Comssa.org.au
  - Github
  - Wiki
  - Dreamspark sub
  - Other ling stuff
  - Lincoln will be in charge
- Discord moderators
  - need to get a logo to replace the current Discord which is still ComSSA's logo
  - changing roles of first years to second years, adding new people into discord at the start of the semester
  - anyone who wants to be one just tell Sam S
  - ComSSA's involvement in the discord will just be moderating, will not be setting policies
  - Jim will talk to Amy about designing a new logo
- Pool table
  - collect money
    - around once a week
  - do maintenance (i.e. if the coin mechanism breaks again)
  - Will assign it next meetingâ€‹
- Hardware custodian
  - mostly LAN stuff
  - a list of stuff, is it working, check
  - when ComSSA needs it for events, will contact
  - Christian will be in charge

### Events for 2018

- need to figure out who's running, how to run, what needs to be done immediately
- O Week
  - need merch, stickers, a laptop for registration, booklets (what is ComSSA and what events ComSSA runs)
  - Sam S, Ashtyn will be there 
  - Club day will probably be 21th Feb, will need all the resources (esp stickers) by then 
  - Orientation for computing will probably be 20th Feb, good for ComSSA to be there
  - Sam S will be in charge
- Grill the Department
  - common free time, week 2 (7th of March)
  - Josh recommended to get through Geology to get booking
  - need to book as soon as possible
  - Food grant from guild
  - Ashtyn will be in charge
    - book the venue (Geology), talk to Nehal
    - need to talk to the lecturers, unit coordinators
    - risk assessment document 
    - EMP
    - advertising 
- TFTI Sem 1 and 2
  - should involve sponsorts
  - 3 speakers for each event, have some way for people to formally submit questions, then have a panel to discuss as a group, then open networking with pizza
  - Atlassian, Avanade and EY have expressed interest
  - Bankwest will probably be keen
  - common free time, week 4 (21st March)
  - SamS will be in charge
- Ice breaker events
  - Ice Skating
    - week 3, 16th March
    - Jeremy will be in charge
  - Movie night 
    - with some food
    - date TBD
  - Pool Night
    - might not run
    - replaced with a movie night
  - Bounce
  - Rock Climbing
- LAN Sem 1 and 2
  - Sem 1
  - Weekend before first tuition free week starts (31st March)
  - Christian will be in charge
- Quiz Night
  - Booking has already been made
  - 21st Sept
- Industry Events
  - sponsors will be running events to promote, and will fully fund events
- Games Nights
  - in conjunction with Curtin Tabletop, will talk to them more about it
  - 1st June
- Adventure World
- Revision Sessions
  - OOPD
    - Jeremy
  - DSA
    - SamB
  - UCP
    - Christian
  - ISE - Sem 1
    - SamS
  - DS - Sem 2
    - Yi Juin 

### Sponsors

- EY
  - will pay for own events
  - will organise a skills workshop, and another event to recruit
- Atlassian
- BankWest
  - need to restore relationship, or ask for full sponsorship
- PLE
  - need to restore relationship
- Tactics
  - need to renew
- Altronics
  - need to renew

### CoderDojo support

- New champions for committee
  - will talk to Nehal about him going for champion
- Atrract members
  - advertising at orientation to get mentors
  - advertise via social media
  - if anyone wants to step up as a champion, can get in touch with Tele to find out how it runs
- vote
  - all in favour to support CoderDojo

### Inviting normal members to meetings

- advertise via discord and facebook
- vote 
  - all in favour 

### Wiki

- Waiting for admin access from Delan
  - SamS got it, will get everyone else set up (will email committee)

### CASSA Collaboration

- Contact the ECU computing club for potential collaborative events
  - Lincoln will talk to CASSA

## New Action Items

- Jim will talk to Amy about designing a new logo for the discord 
- Sam S will get committee wiki access
- Sam S will remove old committee from Trello and mailing list

## Next Meeting

- TBD

## Finish: 12:36 p.m.