---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2015-10-28
---

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.216

## Date: Thursday 2015-10-28

## Start: 6:02PM

## Attendance

### Committee

  * Luke Mercuri
  * Jacob Chapman
  * Josh Batchelor
  * Adam Parsons
  * Nathaniel Roach
  * Sandro StikiÄ‡
  * Jordan Chou
  * James Borrett
  * Jordan Sinclair
  * Connor Beardsmore
  * Delan Azabani

### Late

  * Darryl Ch'ng

### Apologies

  * Brad Schoone

## Minutes

  * Approved

## Treasury Report
  
  * "It's a long one"
  * Duration 55 days
  * Total income 941.43
  * Expenditure $3667 (including 300 back from the guild)
  * adventure world cost 1700
  * Pizza: 
    * $750 in 2 months
  * Pool: $350?
  * Profit: nothing
  * discrep 90c

## Pool Table
  * It's still broken
  * Someone needs to buy the new coin mechanism
  * Nathaniel put hand up

## Exam revision sessions 

  * OOPD
	* 10am-12pm, 16th November

  * UCP 
	* Suggested first tuesday
    * or on the monday or on the weekend, delan can do both
	* Room capacity may be an issue, after the huge attendance of the last UCP Revision Session
	* Book lecture theatre during the weekend, lets ask mark to book it (Saturday)
	* Decided 10am - 5pm, 14th November 

  * DS120
	  * Jmo not available
	  * Also right before Jbatch's exam, hes also away the whole first exam week
	  * 10am - 12pm, 22nd November
  * DSA
	  * 11am - 1pm, 21st November

## SEP Presentations Award
  * Need to buy more pens
	* Brad has one of them at home
  * We need 2 min people, max 4 people
    * Tuesday of the study week All day
	* Brad, Josh & Luke cant have anything to do with it
	* People going: Adam, Nathaniel, Darryl, Delan 

## LAN
  * Kye maybe helping us get a room
  * The engineering pavilion has been booked out entirely almost until next semester starts, meaning we also can't do the historical wintereenmas LAN in January
  * Mark hasn't responded positively 
    * Likely impossible
  * Could we ask Hannes?
	* Could we consider actual room bookings
	  * Limited during the night
	  * Can only happen during 8am - 11pm (bad)
	  * Consider costs
	  * Maybe go through the guild
	  * This would need to be pushed back because red tape is pretty heavy

## Honours (Mark)
  * Can comssa do something to draw people into honours
  * Department still looking, only one week left of semester though
  * 6 whole people showed up to their honours 
  * Seriously important. 
  * 19 eligble people
  * if we start selling honours to peopel in first year
  * See if staff want to come talk
  * talk to mark tomorrow
  * we need to get these 19 people
  * print a poster NOW "bring honor to your family" 

## Committee Dinner

  * Going to sizzler
  * Telling them its brads birthday
  * Sunday night after the saturday adventure world
  * Going to sizzler faded was a bad idea - Josh, 2015
  * Sizzler vote
    * For: "a bunch"
	* Opposed: 2, 1 Sustained
	* Passed

## Open floor

### Darryl

  * Talked to Mihai, want to do a do a cybersecurity informational session, get people from industry to come talk to people. 
  * Mihai: Many misconceptions about cybersecurity course
  * Enrolement opens very soon
  * Do we need an industry speaker?
  * Have jacob talk about his experience in cybersec. 
  * Preferably right afdter exams, but not much after

## Adventure world
  * We have physical tickets
  * If anyone shows up after it opens, they're screwed, will have to wait for a committee member to notice their phone go off or something
  * If someone buys in cash, give them the ticket
  * Tell people to collect their tickets if they pay online
  * Bradley doesn't mind standing out the front for half an hour (sucker)
  * Official day of handover
  * Pool toys?
    * $50 budget?

## Finished 7:23pm


## Action Items

  * Nathaniel: Pool table mechanism
  * Luke: add people to tidyclub roles