---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2015-02-11
---

## Venue: Computing board room, 314.317

## Start: 2:12 p.m.

  * Expected start was 2:00 p.m.

## Attendance

  * Delan Azabani
  * Kye Russell: 2:05 p.m.
  * Josh Batchelor
  * Adam Parsons
  * Nathaniel Roach
  * Luke Mercuri
  * Jasmine Quek: 2:10 p.m.

## Old minutes

  * Apparently some older minutes are missing, this will be dealt with
  * Some items were missing from the last meeting's minutes, this won't happen again

## Treasury report

  * A note on the reports:
    * Future reports are to be uploaded as PDF files on the ComSSA Google Drive
    * The treasury folder will be made public
    * The majority of each report will be in the minutes, but truncated if lists become too long
    * Links to the full reports will be given when this happens
  * Until 2015-02-11
  * Duration: 14 days
  * Income: $41.05
    * Pool: $31.05
    * LAN: $10.00
  * Expenditure: $7.70
    * Bank fees: $7.70
      * All fees were charged on 2nd February
      * Two of them were online banking
      * It's possible that even having the ability to write cheques is the reason for the remaining fees
      * We will investigate removing the feature as it's no longer needed
  * Profit: $33.35
  * Safe: $168.00
    * This isn't in line with the spending policy
    * Cash will be deposited soon
    * Currently it's mostly smaller notes and coins for pool change
  * Discrepancy: $0.00
  * The PDF report is now online
  * Daily reminder: online banking has made life so much easier

## Old action items

  * Kye: no Boffins done
  * Kye: no Linux Australia done
  * Adam: no CEC done
  * Dropping NetPlus and MSY due to general consensus
  * Luke is going to talk to Aneesh about Chevron (TFTI and/or sponsorships)
  * Delan and Luke: Aneesh will help with finding TFTI speakers, particularly from IBM, AFG, and Thales
    * We need an exact date to give to Aneesh
  * Delan needs to sort out parking spots through Guild, or perhaps buy visitor permits
    * Delegate to Delan to see Sean from security
  * Nathaniel:
    * Tactics: if you're a member of any computing club, you get discounts anyway
    * Quality Comics: forgot to contact them
    * Tokyo Underground: They're happy to be continuing what we have
    * Altronics: contact form submitted, no response yet
  * Jasmine: no idea what's going on with Sentient
    * We're looking for a sponsorship and/or talks
    * Do we want a purely programmers or also 3D designers?
    * We'll see how relevant their talks are, with a preference for programmers
  * Shirts: shirts are $50 each for the same kind as 2014
    * If we choose this option, there will be heaps of merch money left over
    * Burn the remaining money on shirts for members
    * Turnaround time: custom polos are about 3 weeks
  * Nathaniel: we're on a 10/100 port, but this is fine for now
    * Delan: we need to carefully reach out to CITS, as we haven't received approval for our server
  * Josh: NFC price varies heaps, free delivery pack of 50 tags is $6 per card
    * Josh: Another company does packs of NFC stickers
    * Kye: There is still very little benefit to NFC, at least for this year
      * Stickers are better, and student numbers are readable from student cards anyway
      * Adam: how about we stick with stickers for now, maybe switching to NFC next year if we can find a use case
      * Delan: NFC might not be worth it, so let's shelve it until next year
    * Kye has been assigned stickers without NFC
      * Kye will be doing stickers with Guild Copy and Design

## OCM increase

  * Delan: Luke and I think we should it bump up to 5
  * Later in the year if people start seeing us doing useful things, we could bump it up to 7 only if necessary
  * Every year in the past when we had 5 OCMs we've had some who do nothing
    * To be fair the club did nothing back then, and didn't require them to do much
  * We can wait indefinitely to add OCMs, seeing as it's not a difficult task, but removing OCMs is
  * We don't want to set a precedent where 5 OCMs are necessarily the norm, or lower our standards
  * Keep an eye out for suitable first and second years as OCMs

## Public event calendar

  * Delan rewrote most of the website the other day, but not the events page
  * Adding only a Google Calendar to the website might be a bit bare
  * We might add public Facebook links to TidyClub and our website
  * It should be noted that many of our new members do not use Facebook
  * We should look into relying more on TidyClub for details and attendance rather than Facebook

## Upcoming events

### Orientation Day

  * We won't have a powered stall
  * Bec is amazing, and made sure that we weren't anywhere near the socialist clubs for our own personal safety
  * We'll know where our stall is around next week
  * Kye: I hope the banner will be done by then
  * Delan will talk to Luke about the membership booklet
  * iPads can do selfies for signups, which might be cool
  * Attendance: everyone can make it
  * Let's not deliberately bring new members back to the Pavilion
  * Desk time is being allocated to Delan, Luke, and Jasmine
  * Hannes wants us to be involved with some orientation week activities
    * Hannes suggested the day before (Tuesday 24th) for events
    * Delan wants to do it afterwards (Thursday 26th) instead

### Grill the Department

  * Hannes wants us to run a LAN
  * Administrative issues make this difficult
  * Hannes suggests an ordinary ComSSA LAN, endorsed by the department
  * Laptop friendly games please
  * Worst case scenario, log in with outreach, and we have the UT2k4 trial
  * Josh: we should do this after orientation day
  * So far the LAN is on Tuesday 22nd, but we would prefer Thursday 24th
  * We need to sort out food with Guild
  * Ask Amanda about the BBQ
  * Kye has sent the sausage sizzle form to Guild, no response yet
  * Everyone can be there at 12:30 p.m.
  * If anyone is disruptive, we will eject them
  * Contact CEC etc. to ensure that they aren't planning on using the barbeque that day

### NEXTDC

  * Dates are 20th and 24th March
  * Delan will make it to the 20th
  * Adam will make it to the 24th

### Pot Black

  * 1st May
  * 12 people are going on Facebook
  * 12 people are maybe going on Facebook
  * Kye: can we make the description more descriptive?
  * 4 players to a table
  * 6 tables
  * 2 hours
  * Charge attendees $10/$15

### Smash tournament

  * We're looking at making around $600 profit from this
  * We don't really need to do anything either
  * The booking has already been sorted

## Meeting with Computing

  * The meeting was good, we should do it again
  * Got in contact with Michele (president from 13 years ago)
  * Michele is confirming the stuff we're already planning on doing, which is awesome
  * Dave wants us to work on encouraging more females to study computing and science
    * Jasmine: will let them know about Google's scholarships in case that's an issue
  * We could potentially get funding from Engineers Without Borders
  * We're fairly limited seeing as we focus on current students
  * Our only avenue is through high school outreach
    * We need to shill the outreach camps
  * Delan: with Computing's support we could run Informatics training
    * Contact schools like Willetton about starting training programs?
    * We should really discuss this with Computing first
    * We don't want different entities from Curtin talking to the same schools
    * This would look really dumb
  * Mark is running OOPD classes and high school outreach

## Meeting with Amanda

  * We should talk to Amanda after orientation day
  * We shouldn't give cardax to old members if they don't sign up for 2015
    * Security is an issue that needs to be considered
  * 27th February, time to be discussed

## Engineering clubs

  * Delan will add the executive committee to the Facebook group

## Bank accounts

  * Josh: I put it off for a bit after the Computing meeting
  * We're opening a term deposit with $15000 initially
  * Change our primary account to avoid fees?
    * We would need to be incorporated, which would be too much effort
    * This would involve having a general meeting, submitting the minutes, etc.

## New event development

  * Member teaching and learning: assigned to Delan
  * Competitive programming: assigned to Josh
  * Watering hole: assigned to Adam
  * Sportsball: assigned to Adam
    * Josh: DODGEBALL

## Sponsorship acquisition

  * Delan should contact IEEE about this

## Committee shirts

  * See the old action items

## PLUG (Perth Linux Users Group)

  * Luke: PLUG does tech talks from members
  * We could get members to come along to these talks

## Kye

  * Fairly sure that I have a job and may be leaving in the near future
  * Spoiler alert, I'm blind, so my continued existence at Curtin is essentially free
  * I'll be sticking around until I learn more
  * Currently enrolled for this semester at the very least

## Old action items carried over

  * Delan + Luke: contact Aneesh for TFTI speakers
  * Kye: contact Linux Australia and Boffins for sponsorships
  * Adam: contact CEC regarding the Engineering Clubs Meetings
  * Nathaniel: contact Quality Comics regarding our sponsorship
  * Jasmine: contact Sentient for sponsorships and talks

## New action items

  * Delan: contact Sean from security regarding parking for TFTI
  * Delan: contact IEEE for sponsorships
  * Delan: add the executive committee to the 215.104 group on Facebook
  * Delan: work on the membership booklet with Luke
  * Jasmine: ask Gary who the CEC president is
  * Kye: write shill text for shilling purposes
  * Kye: ensure that the banner is still being printed
  * Kye: print membership stickers for orientation day

## Next meeting: Wednesday 2015-02-25, 10 a.m.

  * Right before orientation day officially opens

## Finish: 4:00 p.m.
