---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2015-03-04
---

## Venue: 314.134

## Start: 2:04PM

## Attendance
  * Committee
    * Delan Azabani
    * Kye Russell
    * Adam Parsons
    * Luke Mercuri
    * Nathaniel Roach
    * Jasmine Quek
  * Guests
    * Brad Schoone

## Apologies
  * Josh Batchelor

## Old minutes
  * An action item (Boffins) was falsely delegated

## Treasury report
  * None taken today, delayed

## Old action items
  * Nathaniel: Boffins, Quality Comics, Altronics sponsorships
    * Boffins is Delan's task.
    * Quality Comics: all good - we now have 5% off
    * Altronics: all good - going to set up a 20-40% varying trade discount, and going to set up a committee account to pay directly instead of reimbursing committee members for events
  * Kye: Linux Australia sponsorship
    * Didnt do it, they don't appear to sponsor our type of club anymore
    * Dropped
  * Adam: Communicate with CEC
    * Drafted up but held off until we have a decision regarding Delan's position
  * Delan and Luke: TFTI 
    * Deferred to later in the meeting
  * Kye: TFTI parking 
    * We'll be paying for reserved parking through Parking
  * Adam and Jasmine: Club Merch 
    * Deferred to later in the meeting
  * Jasmine: Sentient Sponsorship 
    * Hasn't talked to them yet, we might be aiming more for talks rather than just sponsorships
    * They want grads, so letting them talk to grads is good
    * They have said they want to sponsor us, but we arent sure in which way yet
  * Delan: develop member teaching and learning 
    * Not progressed yet
  * Adam: develop the watering hole 
    * Event deferred for now, member base likely too young for a night out
  * Nathaniel: develop hack nights 
   * We havent decided what we want to do yet, Adam will do a Google form to gauge interest
   * Do not use open polls on Facebook, people will vandalise it
  * Adam: develop sports
    * Beach volleyball is the way to go due to small team sizes
    * Ultimate Frisbee is also a sweet idea
    * We can likely get 12 people just by asking around in the labs
    * Initially doing non-competitive, but not ruling competitive out
    * Sourcing costings for both casual and competitive
  * All: delegate coding competitions
    * We'll wait a bit longer for this one, too

## Past events

### O'Day
  * It was incredibly hot, we were given a bad table position
  * People thought we were HvZ, no matter how obvious we tried to make it. Worth noting for next year (better signage?)
  * Clubs day worth checking out.
    * Kye will submit the form to Bec.
  * We got 70-80 sign-ups, now we're at 92

### Department of Computing Staff vs. Students LAN

  * LAN was good, should do it again
  * We had lots of first years, great turnout!
  * Ray and Hannes got into it
  * Mihai made an appearance 
  * We did the best we could given the circumstances
  * Was a good ice breaker
  * Hannes - "was way more fun than I thought" 

### Computing welcome talk

  * It was alright, lots of students didn't seem keen on participating during the quiz
  * Should've added some questions written by students, apparently this was going to happen
  * Questions were a bit biased towards security, lots of students didn't know the answers
  * Seemed slightly awkward at first, didn't really quite break the ice, but was a great start to the year
  * Might have been better if answers were written down instead of called out
  * Our talk appears to have been successful, had people come and talk to us afterwards, and people joined the Facebook groups and IRC channel

### Grill the Department

  * Was really successful 
  * In the future, we shouldnt rely on people that aren't committee
  * Special thanks to Michelle, Jordan, and Declan
    * Declan has been reimbursed for buying more food.
  * We got stormed by people, we'll prepare earlier next time
    * We'll just put sausages straight into buns
  * We'll talk to tutors beforehand next time, tell them to actually talk to students, not just walk around talking amongst themselves
  * Lecturers were great, had a fair few come along

## Upcoming events

### TFTI

  * Luke forwarded confirmation of booking to Aneesh
  * Kye: We need to know about participants soon so we can book parking
  * Accenture has to do their talk at a later date
  * Thus in the end we (so far) have BankWest and whoever Aneesh can pull
    * Luke hasn't contacted Pilgrim yet
  * We're hoping Pilgrim can pull through otherwise we have very little
  * This is the first thing we're doing with the Department, we should maybe wait until later to get more people.
 * Bookings are okay, we'll just let others know we had to move the date
 * We should push topics rather than just generic talks from industry (e.g. how to get hired, filter out "how great we are, we're just like google" talks)
 * Luke needs to talk to Aneesh to find out more

### Movie Night 13/3 friday

  * We have a new Guild opportunity. We pay $100, and get a full Tav movie night (license, beanbags/chairs, keep bar open.etc)
  * Run a Tav movie night next semester, we'll just do the Pavilion this time around
    * Can only be Thursdays at the Tav, anyway
  * If you want to get nice posters done, see the Guild Club Reps Facebook page, where a design club is listed as able to do design work for clubs
  * Adam and Jasmine will do movie night

### Ice Skating 17/3 tuesday

  * Moving ahead with 17th of March
  * You just call them up to organise discount
  * We'll go with Cockburn rather than Malaga
  * Luke volunteered to run event
  * Luke will contact Millie regarding organisation
  * Get the pricing including the skates

## DreamSpark subscription

  * Now active, everything works fine

## Committee Shirts

  * Jasmine talked to Concept regarding shirts
  * The best choice at this point in time is to get last year's shirts again (with a year change)
  * We have a larger Guild grant now. We can afford generic shirts for members
    * Minimum of 10, $26 each
    * Likely going for just the small fist logo, no year
    * We should get someone to design a shirt for us
  * We can use 2016's grant at the end of 2015 (to get next year's shirts done faster)
  * We have to spend our yearly grant in one transation

## Library Makerspace meetups

  * There will be a makerspace in the library
  * This was forwarded to us from Ray
  * It's run by the Perth Artifactory
  * 16th/20th march
  * Lets drop it, we unfortunately have nothing to really showcase
  * Hopefully the opportunity presents itself at a time that's better for us

## RT: Request Tracker

  * It's a ticketing system
  * Have external emails go here instead of to the mailing list
  * Allows us to allocate emails to people, follow conversations, email from an address that isn't our personal one, etc
  * Seems like a good idea
  * Delan will implement it

## Jobs board 

  * We get a lot of job postings sent to us
  * We just post them on Facebook
  * We can put them on the website, we can put jobs up on a special page
  * We dont want another forum
  * We'll first put it on the website, and then share on Facebook
  * But avoid sending out emails or people will ignore our event emails

## The Delan Situation

  * Delan has been incapable of fulfilling his responsibilities due to personal reasons
  * Kye is going to give him two more weeks to decide whether or not he wants to stay on as President
  * If no decision is made after two weeks, Kye will call an SGM

## ABN, incorporation, and committee liability 

  * We (as individuals on the committee) are potentially responsible if something bad happens during an event
    * We really aren't anything but a group of students
    * Guild has Public Liability Insurance, which we may be able to access
    * Bec is being very careful about legal advice, however Guild has Legal Assist which we may seek
  * We dont do much so there isnt much of a threat
  * Having an ABN doesnt change the situation at all
    * As an aside, Kye signed ComSSA up for an ABN
  * To limit liability we can incorporate, which means ComSSA becomes its own legal entity
  * This is a huge process, listed in the wiki under Incorporation
  * The Associations Incorporation Act is being changed right now in Parliament
  * So lets wait until that happens, and revisit

## New OCMs: Private

  * We confirmed we're stepping up to 5 OCMs
  * Adam, Delan, Josh and Kye need to meet and choose the two new OCMs
  * We will not be commenting on how we choose, to anyone, or even talking about it amongst ourselves after we leave the office
    * It benefits no-one

## CoderDojo 

  * Monday 9th: Scitech talk 
  * Saturday 14th: Training (at Curtin)

## Meeting times going forward 

  * To avoid moving meetings, lets take more time to discuss each new meeting time
  * We'll also use Doodle to find the best times for everyone, instead of using the lists

## Old action items carried over 

  * Kye: TFTI parking 
  * Jasmine and Adam: Club Merch/Shirts
  * Jasmine and Adam: Movie night
  * Adam: Communicate with CEC
  * Adam: Make poll for hack nights
  * Jasmine: Sentient Sponsorship 
  * Delan: develop member teaching and learning 

## New action items 

  * Luke: talk to Aneesh regarding TFTI
  * Josh: talk to Pilgrim and Atlassian regarding TFTI
  * Luke: Organise Ice Skating
  * Adam: Continue developing sports
  * Nathaniel: Hack night organization
  * Delan: Implement RT
  * Executive: Make OCM selections
  * All: Add your availabilities to the Doodle poll (see your emails)
  * Kye: Organise Clubs Carnival

## Next meeting: TBC

## Finish: 3:30pm
