---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2015-08-20
---

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.219

## Date: Thursday 2015-08-20
 
## Start: 6:06PM

## Attendance

### Committee

  * Everyone

### Guests
  * Tim Mcdonald
  * Delan Azabani 

## Old Minutes
  * Good

## Treasury Report
  * "it's a treasury" - Josh, 2015
  * Couple of cycles rolled into one
  * Income $1449.92
	  * Pool was $623
  * Expenditure 604.64
     * Pool repair was $420
  * Discrep 0.85

## Old Action Items
  * Nothing worth following up

## First Aid Training
  * Brad needs to get paid
  * Jacob, Adam, Jordan, Darryl want to do it

## Past Events

###Analogue Games Night

  * Was good lets do it again
  * Do quicker games in future , long games alienate others
  * Everybody happy

## Shirts
  * Ordered on August 6
  * Should be here two weeks from now
  * Everyone owes $20

## Future Events

###Vidya Games Night

  * Low key event
  * Might just get some consoles out for a few hours, some people on committee to bring some
  * Emulator-Export can be plugged into the projector
  * Brad needs to bring the controller back in
  * We have the bottom floor of the Pav
  * Its this Wednesday, 26/8
	
### Hack Night: Sandro and Richard edition
  * Sandro is organising a hack night with Richard
  * All the relevant information is on trello, some highlights:
  * There are 4 levels, ranging from easy to "inside job" level stuff
  * Networking 
	  * Needs two switches for some magic and air-gapping, going to need 
	  * one server will be routing from Curtin to rack-corp (beepboop probably)
  * Registration:
	  * Teams of up to 4
	  * Prizes a thing, need to be decided though

### TFTI
  * James Massey from AFG good
  * Rob good to go, bringing someone from UWA maybe
  * Brad: Patrick is likely a no-go
  * Ask Raymond if he would like to participate?
  * Mitchell Sullivan {someone was talking over this? Someone please fill the gap}
  * Delan asking {who?}
  * Date is currently 7th October

### Teach and Learn Night
  * Was going to happen on a Saturday after coderdojo
  * Scratch that, we're changing the dates now, to the following Tuesday instead 
  * Brad handling OOPD
  * Josh handling UCP
  * Second session is the next Saturday, DSA
  * Luke handling DSA
  * Mark only wants people who are tutoring the unit to teach during these sessions now, not just people who have taken the unit
  * Doing it 10am now, Tuesday after lan , 1st of September
  * A third event, just for OOPD will be run 3rd of October, being sorted at a closer meeting
  * Luke, Josh, Brad to send announcements in Blackboard

### Di Another Day (Smash Competition)
  * Runs during the upcoming LAN
  * Runs all weekend, but stops each night at 10pm
  * Schedule of events can be found on their event page        	
 
### LAN         
  * LAN Three: Netflix and Chill edition
  * I'm so sorry for the title, last year Callum called this one "Happening status: It's happening"
  * Brody is bringing his steam-cache server, should reduce network load
  * Not much is needed to organise this one
  * Need to get rid of prizes we already have, but also get the usual steam cards
  * Adam missing both Friday night and Saturday, Brad missing Friday night (We're around for setup though)
  * Setup starts crack of noon, 12PM, and we are letting people in at about 3PM
  * If someone wants to arrange an esky again or ask guild, we can do drinks again, not a huge priority though

## Altronics

  * Nathaniel sorted the account out with them
  * No longer the "compro" account
  * Details in wiki

## Delan asking things
  
  * Dreamspark, how are we getting those emails?
    * We are Curtin's provider, it shows on the site when they try to register
	* Keydist, Delan would like to add to it
    * Give people DL links?
		* Okay apparently we cant do that legally
		* Self serve?
    * User gets given an account, they reprove enrolment each semester via enrolment advice

## PMS 
* Is back up
  * We need to work on getting this finished
  * Nathaniel/Adam, just make decisions to get it up and going
	* Sandro gonna help too
  * Adam wants to buy 2 - 4TB HDD's and put in raid 1, future proof it for little cost
  * Vote failed 4/5/0
  * Rephrased, can Adam buy 2 - 2TB HDD's and put in raid 1, make a minor saving
  * Vote passed 9/0/0


## Action Items

  * Luke: Prepare content for DSA, announce
  * Brad: Prepare content for OOPD, announce
  * Brad: Bring back xbox controller
  * Josh: Prepare content for UCP, announce 
  * Adam: Source 2x 2TB HDD's for PMS
  * Adam: Document beepboop and set it up for Hack Night
  * Nathaniel/Adam: PMS General
  * Delan asking somebody something about TFTI
  * Unallocated
    * Print posters for LAN
    * Steam Cards for LAN
    * Contact Amanda regarding Motorsport stuff


## Finish: 7:32