---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2017-01-06
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.218

## Date: 2017-01-06

## Start: 2:02pm

## Attendance

### Committee
- Jordan Chou
- Connor Beardsmore
- Jordan Van Elden
- Josh Yeo
- Luke Mercuri
- Luke Healy
- Adam Parsons

### Guests

### Apologies
- Yi Juin Lim

### Absent
- Jordan Yeo

## Old Minutes
- no talking points

## Old Action Items
- deposit money
	- Jordan C doing today
- keys
	- has Delan handed his in?
	- Jordan C needs new cabinet key
	- might need some cut
	- chase up on Darryl and James
- sponsorships
	- Jordan V to contact PLE
	- Altronics?
		- Luke M can go in to Cannington store
- fixing theoffice
	- check if it can be rolled back to a previous commit
	- Connor will take a look
- cardax to the pav
	- Jordan C and Luke M have sorted it out
	- need to check it's working for everyone
- poll for events
	- new one for the semester (week 1 or 2)
- SEP pens
	- Luke M has bought
	- still needs to be reimbursed
	- in cabinet

## Treasury Report
- https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B44MdpDMxkWrY1lCUkxTTEVhV1U
- Ending: 2017-01-06 (17 days)
- revenue: $32.00
	- $32.00 - pool table
- expenditure: $0.00
- discrepancy: $0.00
- deposit: $1510.00 (pending)
- balance: $2279.49

## Agenda Items

### Handover
- bank signatories
	- doing today
- physical keys
	- not sure if Delan has handed his in somewhere
	- 6 of 9 committee have keys
	- but will contact Darryl and James to get theirs back
- ComSSA assets

### Postering and Presence

#### Committee Photos
- photos on sign up booklets
- some photos taken at this meeting
- try to get rest at next meeting

#### Posters
- event outline posters
	- Luke M
	- have the dates sorted so can make this
- revision outline posters
	- once outlines released
- general club posters
	- generic comssa one
	- ones with committee photos
- pool table
	- done

## Past Events
- none since last meeting

## Upcoming Events

### Meeting with Department
- Jordan C sorting out

### Grill the Department
- Josh
- getting EMP done
- need to submit equipment form
- need to get approval from Curtin and Vic park
- follow same as last year

### Quiz Night
- Connor
- is booked
- Friday 6th October
- halfway through EMP
- ticketing system to figure out vegans/vegetarians to help with catering

### Orientation
- hannes will email Jordan C
- thoughts on demos/ways to attract people
	- more than just a couple of macs

### Guild Day
- waiting for release 

## General Discussion
- no talking points

## New Action Items
- Jordan V contact PLE
- Luke M go in to Altronics
- Connor look in to fixing theoffice
- Luke M make event outline posters
- Luke M club posters
- Connor revision session posters
	- when unit outlines released

## Next Meeting
- TBD

## Finish: 2:42pm