---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2016-06-25
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.221

## Date: 2016-06-25

## Start: 3:04PM

## Attendance

### Committee

  * Delan Azabani
  * Adam Parsons
  * Jordan Chou
  * James Borrett
  * Josh Yeo
  * Nathaniel Roach
  * Sandro Stikic

### Guests

  * Kye

### Apologies

  * Darryl Chng

## Old Minutes

  * Fine

## Old Action Items

  * New member list for Amanda

## Treasury Report

### 2016-06-01

  * https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B3DjuQxrO3TYQnN3UDI3dzFGc1U
  * 22nd April - 1st June
  * Income: $756.22
    * $119.22 signups
    * $637.00 pool
  * Expenditure: 1839.63
    * $1597.02 Dreamspark
    * $70.00 Cue sticks
    * $21.60 Cabinet Keys
    * $20.00 Token
    * $47.11 MSDNAA Transaction
    * $83.90 Revision Session Food
  * Profit: -

### 2016-06-23

  * https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B3DjuQxrO3TYenR0aUpGZ05Rd3c
  * 2nd June - 23rd June
  * Income: $371.15
    * $9.15 Membership
    * $312.00 pool
    * $50.00 pens
  * Expenditure: $456.90
    * $100.0 Revision Sessions
    * $150.40 SEP Prizes
    * $200.00 SEP Engraving
    * $6.50 Labels
  * Profit: -

## Bank account signatories

  * Account situation is pretty much settled now
  * All current exec are signatories on the card
  * Other two accounts currently only have two signatories
  * We should wait until the SGM to do signatory stuff

## Handover tasks

  * Too many things to do so Delan has made a spreadsheet
  * Everyone has a cabinet key (215)
  * Josh and James need a cabinet key (314)
  * Need to do ling/LDAP/github accounts

## Shirts and Merchandise

  * Dan (Atlassian) has received the shirts
  * All the old regular shirts have been sent to Atlassian
  * Need to make poster to start advertising (Delan)

## Past Events

### Exam Revision sessions

  * DSA
    * Saturday 11th June

  * OOPD
    * Saturday 11th June

  * ISE
    * Sunday 12th June

## Upcoming Events

* LAN

  * 6 days from now
  * Booked from 6pm from the 1st of July to the wee hours of the 4th of July
  * Need availabilities dates
  * Event starts on Friday for us, Saturday for everyone else
  * Official start is Saturday 10am
  * Drinks were done by Delan
  * We need to talk to PLE
  * Our competitions: Halo, Overwatch
  * Delan: I can't change your availabilities, we absolutely need 2 people at the LAN at all times
  * What happened the last few LAN's was that the console room was dead because there was no committee in those rooms
  *

* Wildcard night

  * Was assigned to Nathaniel primarily, social stuff was allocated to Sandro
  * Fairly stock standard event
  * Should be a movie night
  * Booked from 5pm-12am Wednesday 6 July and 5pm Wednesday 20th July in pav
  * We want to do posters/TidyClub events soon

* SGM

  * Assigned to Sandro
  * Is scheduled for 17 days from now (Tuesday 12th July, in the break, all day)
  * We need to get at least 15 people for quorum
  * We have a lot of constitutional changes
  * We have to elect VP
  * Committee reports

* Gundam night

    * Wednesday 20th July
    * Involves someone going to Tokyo Underground and collects some Gundams and sell them at the event on their behalf
    * Most people who would be interested in the event are already in the ComSSA group
    * Could be a way to reach out to our older members

* Talks

	* 2 talks planned at the moment, venues have not been booked
    * Tech talks at around week 2, assigned to Darryl
    * Talks from the Industry at around week 6
    * If anyone wants to talk about some technical subject then feel free to go ahead
    * It is hard to run these events on a regular basis because we have not done these before
    * We could make our "How to Linux" part of our technical talk
    * "How to Linux" is something that the Department could want and they could handle attendance for us
    * We can run the events during weeks 2, 4, 6
    * Week 2: Learn to Linux
    * Week 4: Technical Talks
    * Week 6: Talks from the Industry

## CoderDojo

   * New Engineering Outreach contact for CoderDojo is Gabrielle Migliore
   * She has taken over Tim Heely's position
   * Need to get some more mentors
   * Some attendees spend a lot time playing games
   * Difficult issue to handle

## Meeting with Amanda

  * Sandro and Delan went to speak with Amanda a few weeks ago
  * Made 4 bookings with her
  * Good news: We are allowed to book events whenever we want
  * We (Committee) have 24/7 access to office (104) and necessary doors
  * Our members do not get access to the building anymore
  * Computing students/our members have no space on campus that is place for us to be
  * We should try and get member access to buildings during our events
  * We could have a whitelist of people that we trust for events
  * We could ask Guild for pointers

## Hack Nights

  * James to make a poll to gauge interest
  * Would require us to ask around for ideas

## New Action Items

   * Delan to make posters to sell shirts and merchandise
   * James to gauge interest for Gundam Night
   * James to gauge interest for Hack Nights
   * Nathaniel call PLE for LAN
   * Nathaniel to add cabinet/door codes to wiki page
   * Sandro run a poll for Wildcard night
   * Sandro do Facebook/Poster/TidyClub for SGM
   * Delan to formalise the reasons for space
   * Delan & Adam to head to Guild and find out who to talk to

## Next meeting: Tentatively two weeks time

## Meeting Finish: 4:26PM
