### Date: Sunday, 5 Jan 2020 

### Venue: Waterford McDonalds + Discord call 

### Start: 3:10 PM

### Finish: 4:08 PM 

### ***Goal: To help computing students meet and get to know other computing students.*** 

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>NO.</strong></th>
<th><strong>ITEM</strong></th>
<th><strong>DISCUSSION POINTS</strong></th>
<th><strong>NOTES</strong></th>
<th><strong>ACTION ITEMS</strong> who - how - when</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>1</td>
<td>Updates</td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Women / diversity event suggestion</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Bring women representatives from say, Atlassian, down to talk to the women (female tech talk)</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li></li>
</ul></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>2</td>
<td>Social events</td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Grill the dep</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>2 major social events</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Minor social event ideas</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>+ LAZER BLAZE RECAP</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Instead of just coming down for hot dogs, increase engagement between students and the department</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p><strong>LAN,</strong> collaboration with CT for <strong>board/card game night</strong>, <strong>Jackbox</strong> (good but turnout was small - advertising problem), <strong>pool</strong> (did Pot Black last year), <strong>rock climbing</strong>, <strong>Xit reality</strong> (hosts up to 50 ppl - $12 per guest per hour)</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Execs agreed to get rid of ice skating as our icebreaker as everyone skates independently</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p><strong>Split screen</strong> event as an icebreaker</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Around 15 people, net loss of $170 (excluding cost of TidyHQ renewal)</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Sam, Kai and Matt: organising and planning but everyone helps to run the event</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Kai will make poll and figure out subcommittees</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Exec retro</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>3</td>
<td>Talks</td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Kai and Sam first year talk</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>One more talk (maybe security related)</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Finished writing an introductory talk on introductory to programming and linux</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Senior security people (Stefan) are willing to give a talk</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Git talk/Version control workshop for 2nd and 3rd years</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Pull out 3rd year topics (e.g. machine perception, etc.)</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Stream talks (get lectures/seniors to talk about their experience in the stream - end of 2nd sem for 1st years)</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Kai will make poll and figure out subcommittees</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>4</td>
<td>Networking events</td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>TFTI week 4</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Sundowner week 10</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Invite industry people to have a chat and eat food outside uni hours (should consider the challenge of getting people to come after work hours but will discuss later)</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Jean, Faraz, Bryan (getting industry people, booking, etc.)</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>Sponsorships</td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Update</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Ideas</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Delay in responses due to Christmas and the holidays</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Sent out emails to dod (IT part for development and research), ple</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>KPMG out of office till Jan 6th, Chevron said theyâ€™ll get back to us, still waiting for response from Deloitte</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Waiting for DoD, DoH, Mining for response to first email</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>PLE to renew discount for ComSSA members</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Contact Woodside?</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>6</td>
<td>Discord</td>
<td><ul>
<li></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Setting up a ComSSA discord and breaking away from the communal Computing discord</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Useful for chats, games, publicising our events, etc. dedicated purely for ComSSA (more social than academic)</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Exec meeting</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>7</td>
<td>QPAY</td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Status</p>
</blockquote></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Already set up</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li><blockquote>
<p>Need a meeting so we all know how to do signups on O-day which is on 20th Feb/Wednesday of O-week (?)</p>
</blockquote></li>
<li></li>
</ul></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>8</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>9</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>10</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

**Backlog**

-   
