__NUXT_JSONP__("/minutes/2015-11-14", (function(a,b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i,j,k,l,m,n,o,p,q,r,s,t,u,v,w){return {data:[{page:{slug:"index",layout:"default",title:"Minutes for 2015-11-14",toc:[{id:o,depth:3,text:p},{id:q,depth:m,text:r},{id:s,depth:m,text:t},{id:u,depth:m,text:v}],body:{type:"root",children:[{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"##What: ComSSA Meeting"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"##Venue: 314.232"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"##Date: Saturday 2015-11-14"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"##Start: 6.04PM"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"##Attendance"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:"h3",props:{id:o},children:[{type:c,tag:g,props:{ariaHidden:h,href:"#committee",tabIndex:i},children:[{type:c,tag:j,props:{className:[k,l]},children:[]}]},{type:a,value:p}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Jordan Chou"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Delan Azabani"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"James Borrett"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Jordan Sinclair"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Connor Beardsmore"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Darryl Chng"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###Guests"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Luke Mercuri"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###Apologies"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Nathaniel"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Jacob"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Adam Parsons"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"##Old Minutes"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Accurate but combined for AGM and last meeting, need to be separated for"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"handover"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Last 4 minutes are missing - need to be cleaned up and published"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"##Handover"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Josh needs to sign form, old pres, old tres signs, new vp signs,"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Need minutes signed as well"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Go bankwest and get form, people need to be there"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Get form, clean up minutes, get old pres, old tres to sign, 2 different account, can do in 1 form, make sure they know we have 2 accounts"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Cabinet keys- no spare keys, none lost as far as we know. Brad and Josh have their keys still."}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Go see Sean about cardax"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Rest is online stuff - trello, old list"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:n,props:{id:q},children:[{type:c,tag:g,props:{ariaHidden:h,href:"#old-action-items",tabIndex:i},children:[{type:c,tag:j,props:{className:[k,l]},children:[]}]},{type:a,value:r}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###Pool Table"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Was delegated to Nathaniel"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Have a grace period for action items where they get delegated to someone else if not done"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Connor could do it"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"##Past Events"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###Adventure World"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Great, should do again"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Didn't rain"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###UCP revision"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Less than ideal, Delan couldn't give his lecture"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Delan: Jason did a good job"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"80+ people turned up, great turn out"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Didn't have to give out free pizza"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"People came for the revision, not because there's free pizza"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###Quiz Night"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Luke: was dope, never trust online print stuff (crossword), don't let the MC get drunk and throw up"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Prizes: Jordan S.: maybe put more money to put into it, same with future events get some baller as fuck prizes"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"catalogue was a joke prize, not because comssa is poor"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Darryl: Could get sponsors for specific categories: Comics for Comics category"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"##Future Events"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###Volunteering hours for study sessions"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"No hours, Mihai might take volunteers out for food"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Some tutors may be really busy"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Club is becoming a lot more academic"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###OOPD"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Jacob and Brad doing it"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###DSA"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Luke is doing it"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Jordan S. will let him know by Wednesday"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###DS"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"J Mo. is doing it"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Luke asking Denial"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Denial cannot make it"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###LAN"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Possible to ask FRC to move to another room"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"If that doesn't pan out maybe 219 & 220"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Jordan S.: Talked to Mihai, he says to talk to CITS"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Luke: Talk to Mitchell"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Darryl: We should at least try to run it"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"####Prizes:"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Steam cards, could do another raffle,"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Raffle: Need a committee member to go around collecting tickets and stuff"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Prize box: In tutor's office, keep an eye on it"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Darryl: Don't spend too much on non-academic events"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"LAN's are already a for-profit event"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"NOTE: Adventure world does not qualify for unique event grant, LAN's do, need to talk to Bec"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###SEP Presentation"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"James: Boring for the most part, some things were good"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Darryl and Connor did the pens and engraving ($225)"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Connor hasn't been paid yet"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Robots won (Tim and Mike)"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Pens weren't really appreciated"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Darryl: Interesting, in the future try do it online"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Delan: If doing pens, have to engrave"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Could change the prizes"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"For us, it doesn't matter"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###Committee Dinner"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Varsity is not happening"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"People aren't happy with Sizzler"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"We should find a place that all people like"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Jordan S. can talk to the owner of DON Burg, they are opening new venue soon or buffet at casino (not Atrium)"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Needs to be before 14th of Dec"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###Meeting with the Department"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Start of year meeting with the deparment"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Delan wants to do another meeting"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Maybe start of next year"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Next year: This is what we have done, is there anything else this year"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Room not happening"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###Hacknight"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"People want to do it"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Luke: We could train up a team for CysCA, ComSSA team"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Have the CysCA thing in a partition, can have people come in and focus on certain parts"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Just have to use VM's"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Let Mihai know - do it in the meeting, talk about promoting it"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"He could give us a room to do the training in and come in and help"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"##Other"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###Communication"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Jordan S.: List is kind of shit"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"IRC: Less convenient reading scroll back"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Slack is cool, very aesthaetic, they have student plans, very cheap"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Options: Slack, Whatsapp, IRC, or some open source alternative"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"VOTE: Slack or other"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"5\u002F0\u002F0 - For, Against, Abstain - Luke counting. Passed. JRS didn't vote"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Jordan S. will set up Slack- will send invites"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###Kieran Projector"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"We could lose more than we gain"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Vote: For the idea of letting Kieran borrow"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"1\u002F4\u002F1 - For, Against, Abstain - Luke counting. Failed"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###Sponsorship"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Hannes got pizza from a family owned place"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Will discuss in later meeting"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Can evaluate other options, Domino's on Albany Highway"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Jordan S. will ask DON Burger"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Contact Coca Cola, show them the Mother mountain, can we have a vending machine with all the different flavours"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Subway too expensive compared to pizza"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###Fresher Rep"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Would essentially be an OCM"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Should get a copy from Guild (of constitution)"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Could make them unofficial but no use making it a title"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"They could use the year to help to show that they are good"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Could use it to show that they are potential candidates for OCM"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Could still call them fresher reps"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Get feedback from them on lectures etc."}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Could ask all first years for feedback"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Connor: Can't have one first year speak for everyone"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"###Constitution"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Do we need 3, 5, 7 OCM rule since for votes we have a chairperson who can't vote"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Can't change it until an SGM\u002FAGM"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Just have as many as we need"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:n,props:{id:s},children:[{type:c,tag:g,props:{ariaHidden:h,href:"#new-action-items",tabIndex:i},children:[{type:c,tag:j,props:{className:[k,l]},children:[]}]},{type:a,value:t}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:f,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Darryl talks to Josh B. and get form"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Delan\u002FJordan C. handles minute situation, separate them"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Delan look for old ballot from last AGM"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Delan go to security to talk to Sean"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Delan asks Brad and Josh to hand their keys back in"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Jordan C. upload powerpoint and questions from UCP session to Facebook"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Darryl talk to Outreach about moving FRC to another room"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Delan talk to Mitchell (CITS)"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Darryl talk to Bec (Guild) about unique event grant"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Darryl sorts out paying Connor"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Jordan S. will talk to Jonas (owner of DON Burg), get menu for new place + sponsorship"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Jordan S. set up Slack and send invites"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Jordan C. talk to Coca Cola about Mother vending machine"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Darryl- Choose some games, we can do a vote"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:d,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"Jordan C. make poll on ComSSA group for board games"}]},{type:a,value:b}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:e,props:{},children:[{type:a,value:"##Next Meeting: Roughly 2 weeks"}]},{type:a,value:b},{type:c,tag:n,props:{id:u},children:[{type:c,tag:g,props:{ariaHidden:h,href:"#meeting-finish-751pm",tabIndex:i},children:[{type:c,tag:j,props:{className:[k,l]},children:[]}]},{type:a,value:v}]}]},dir:"\u002Fminutes\u002F2015-11-14",path:"\u002Fminutes\u002F2015-11-14\u002Findex",extension:".md",createdAt:w,updatedAt:w}}],fetch:[],mutations:void 0}}("text","\n","element","li","p","ul","a","true",-1,"span","icon","icon-link",2,"h2","committee","Committee","old-action-items","Old Action Items","new-action-items","New Action Items","meeting-finish-751pm","Meeting Finish: 7.51PM","2021-02-17T05:01:11.179Z")));