---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2014-04-15
---

## Venue: Engineering Pavilion, 215.100

## Start: <time datetime="2014-04-15T10:30Z">6:30 p.m.</time>

## Attendance

  * Callum Boyd
  * Jasmine Quek
  * Delan Azabani
  * Kieran Gee
  * Kye Russell
  * Scott Day
  * Jamal Hamdan
  * Michael Mroz
  * Daniel Brown

## Old minutes

  * Now that the minutes are public:
    * Avoid using nicknames
    * We need to be careful when publicly quoting others
    * Complaints against members are to be made anonymous

## Treasury report

  * Duration: 12 days
  * Revenue: $417.16
    * Pool was $326
  * Deposit: $590 (not completed yet)
  * Discrepancy: -$40.46
    * Restrict safe access to execs only if this occurs again

## Post events

### Scitech

  * It was successful, we should do it again next year
  * Organisational issues with prior meeting and ticket distribution

### LAN

  * Callum forgot to contact Sean the day beforehand to sort out Cardax
    * Did send out an email, but should have followed up with a phone call
  * Turnout could have been much better, at least so that we could do raffle
  * Facebook event and other advertising should have been made earlier
  * Power needs to be better indicated: where members should be plugging in
  * A particular first year attendee was very disruptive
    * Broke a number of rules repeatedly, even after being told not to
      * Caused network connectivity to fail
      * Beepboop had to be restarted
      * Getting up and yelling in people's faces
      * Eating in 215.301
    * If a similar situation from anyone happens again:
      * Strict warning outlining the issues encountered
      * After this, if one exec + one OCM agree, ejection allowed
    * Callum will have a serious discussion with the attendee
      * Offer one more chance to attend an event before blacklisting
  * Next LAN:
    * Continue to Monday (3 nights)
    * Need to pack up by midday
â€‹    * Committee help out with setup of next event
  * All future LAN events:
    * Advertise the LAN more
    * Have more committee members attend the LAN
    * Enforce a reasonable level of cleanliness among members
    * Advertise the presence of showers

## Upcoming events

### Rock climbing

  * Friday 2014-05-16 (calendar week 11)
  * From 7 p.m. until closing (roughly 10 p.m.)
  * Rockface quotes $15, booked tentatively
    * Delan will email to cancel
  * Hangout will be open, quotes $14
    * Delan will book
  * This year we need to order pizza earlier
  * We need to start shilling the event now

## Club merch

### Shirts

  * Jasmine did not receive a quote because "prices vary a lot"
    * Example for back printing: Curtin Scrabble Club
      * $50 for back printing on existing shirts
        * Callum questions the veracity of this quote
    * $5 for embroidered logo and name
      * Recommended two lines of text
      * Only to be used on polo shirts
  * Will need to make and submit a PSD for each shirt
  * Sadly all base polo designs appear to have stripes
  * Polo shirts would be $40 + embroidery
  * Jasmine will inquire about front printing and a more final quote
  * Shirts to include name, position and year
  * If there's no room in the budget, people will have to pay for themselves

## Committee photos

  * Committee photos will be taken during the next meeting

## Pool cues

  * We are now missing two tips of four
  * As such, we now have no spares
  * Tips are $5 each
  * Daniel has been delegated buying six tips

## Spending policy

  * Everyone needs to stay back after the meeting to sign it tonight

## Open floor

### Coderdojo update

  * Scitech mentor induction: Monday 2014-04-28, 6 p.m. to 9 p.m.
    * We need to organise attendance and other issues, more on the list
  * Committee must choose a champion
    * Gregg wants the champion to be a ComSSA committee member
    * Gregg wants some structure and our club's interests to be met
    * Entrants include Kye, Daniel and Bradley
  * Kye should get the word out to lectures like Dave, Hannes and Robey
    * We could even attend lectures for small two minute plugs
  * We need to solidify our position on the problematic mentor candidate
    * We do not have the power for an executive decision on this
    * We need to construct a substantial argument regarding this person
    * We suggest that they be watched closely if accepted
    * Let them in, wait for quantitative evidence against them for Gregg
    * If it turns out bad, we will have prompt support from Gregg anyway
  * Gregg is away so Tim is our main Coderdojo contact until further notice

### Cleaning

  * Kieran cleaned the big bucket dishes and bought cleaning supplies
    * We need to buy tea towels and/or paper towels, plus dishwashing tool
  * LAN: Delan emptied all 215.100 bins, while Alex washed dishes in the sink
    * Take care of bins during LANs like in old ComSSA, though maybe once a day

### Soccerballers

  * Advertising Soccerballers on Facebook and other media has been suggested
    * Promotes healthy lifestyle and a positive ComSSA influence among members

### Engineering clubs day

  * Wednesday 2014-04-30, 12 p.m. to 2 p.m.
  * We should create and hold some sort of presentation
    * Please solicit suggestions
    * Holding Patrick's cyber security workshop has been suggested
    * Delan will reply to Tim Keely regarding ComSSA attendance

### Ordinary committee members

  * Michael resigns as OCM due to time constraints
  * Michael wants to be removed from the list before Quiz Night discussion
  * Callum will call for OCMs on Facebook
    * Entrants shall send applications to the list
    * Requirement for candidates is that they are a member
    * Applications are free in form and may contain anything
    * Choose OCM next meeting if suggestions are numerous and suitable
      * Otherwise OCM spot open until further notice

## Next Meeting: Thursday 2014-05-01

## Finish: <time datetime="2014-04-15T11:29Z">7:29 p.m.</time>
