---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2017-03-04
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.231A

## Date: 2017-03-04

## Start: 4:05pm

## Attendance

### Committee
- Jordan Chou
- Connor Beardsmore
- Josh Yeo
- Jordan Van Elden
- Luke Mercuri
- Jordan Yeo
- Yi Juin Lim
- Adam Parsons (arrived 4:45)

### Guests
- Ashtyn Antulov

### Apologies

### Absent
- Luke Healy

## Old Minutes
- 100%

## Old Action Items
- Jordan C emailed Esther with Grill the Department invites
	- done

### Cleaning day
- Friday 17th Feb
	- done

## Treasury Report
- TODO see below

### Period report
- Josh needing to figure the numbers
- lots of sign ups

### Tax returns
- Josh has forms to fill out
	- needs exec details
	- also to remove old committee from register

### Term deposit
- expires this month
- assume it rolls over into our account
- might need to look at how to spend it for our members

## Agenda Items

### New OCM's
- VOTE
- Ashtyn Antulov
	- yes - 6 (unanimous)
	- no - 0
	- abstain - 1
	- motion passes
- Sam Stoddard
	- yes - 6 (unanimous)
	- no - 0
	- abstain - 1
	- motion passes

### New guild logo
- need to update sites
	- Connor in progress

### Shill the stickers
- have 500 big stickers
- give away at talks/events/around the labs

## Past Events

### Grill the department
- Mark suggested not going through guild, less restrictions
- use our own bbq
- talk to Geology, they do it themselves
- place with more shade, near 314
- will need to provide our own food/utensils
- pre-cook to avoid long delays/lines
- still get the Vic Park permit to be safe
- won't need EMP
- good staff attendance

### Orientation
- Quiz wasn't recieved well

### Guild day
- approx 140 sign ups
- now up to 190
- lots of stuff to hand out was good
- sponsor discounts a good draw card

### Cleaning the labs
- overall went well
- won't have to do it again next sem
	- Connor ensured carpets are clean by licking them

### Atlassian talk
- Camera/mic worked well
- Recording uploaded to youtube
- atlassian paid for pizza, thanks to them
- some tech difficulties connecting personal macs to projector

## Upcoming Events

### Ice skating
- sold 20 tickets
	- can get/sell more still

### Clubs carnival
- not a large interest
- could get more sign ups
- guild low on vouchers
- did it last year but not many sign ups
	- not really worth it
	- better ways to get more interest

### Microsoft TFTI
- Wed 15th common free time
- same time as clubs carnival anyway
- Connor will do posters up

### TFTI Seakers
- Paul agreed to give a talk
- Connor to email Sean, for a CyberSec talk, who expressed interest
- Val might do one
- location
	- Jordan C to send in room booking
- Message Bankwest to see if they can send a speaker
- Catering it
	- pizza?
	- had recent success with Happy Days
	- approx 20 pizzas

### LAN
- Luke H organising
- which room
	- try for 314.216 and maybe 215
	- network set up concerns
- tournaments
	- strawpoll for interest
- can get sponsored Red Bull for the LAN
- prizes
	- steam gift cards
	- still no reply from PLE about the banner/sponsorship
	- other left over prizes
		- pillows
		- shirts
		- atlassian stuff

## General Discussion
- Josh
	- business registry 
	- need to update minutes to have a logos
		- guild
		- ComSSA
	- Jordan V to update last 2 AGM minutes
- Ashtyn
	- suggested setting up a recycling facility for hardware
	- for students personal hardware
	- IEEE already does ewaste
	- can ask to determine the demand
- Lockers
	- cut locks at end of semester?
		- are we allowed?
	- still need a way to determine which ones are in use
	- can we go through colloquium?
- Common room
	- Ashtyn meeting with director of student engagement
	- to talk about possibilities
	- meeting on Tuesday
	- location is important
		- near 314
	- make a list of possible rooms
		- mechatronics
		- any space in floor 1 of 314?
- CYSCA
	- cybersec challenge
	- Luke H and M are finding interest
- The Hive
	- do research things
	- near Bankwest theatre
	- Valerie mentioned it might be good for ComSSA to do a tour
- Board games night
	- ComSSA buy some or ask members to BYO
	- ask members to

## New Action Items
- Connor speak to Hannes about quiz
- Connor do Microsoft TFTI posters
- Connor email Sean about TFTI
- Jordan C TFTI room booking
- Luke M email Alison about TFTI
- Luke M to message Bankwest
- Connor update guild logo on things
- Jordan V update minutes to have logos
- Ashtyn ask about demand for hardware recycling

## Next Meeting
- TBA

## Finish: 5:02pm