---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2014-04-03
---

## Venue: Engineering Pavilion, 215.100

## Start: <time datetime="2014-04-03T10:32Z">6:32 p.m.</time>

## Attendance

  * Callum Boyd
  * Jasmine Quek
  * Delan Azabani
  * Kieran Gee
  * Kye Russell
  * Jamal Hamdan
  * Scott Day

## Late attendees

  * Michael Mroz at
    <time datetime="2014-04-03T10:38Z">6:38 p.m.</time>

## Apologies

  * Daniel Brown

## Guests speaking

  * Gregg Mudhuwiwa
  * Richard Pilgrim

## Members speaking

  * Bradley Schoone
  * Luke Mercuri
  * Mitchell Pontague

## Old minutes (world record longest meeting)

  * No issues.

## Treasury report

  * Duration: 2 weeks
  * Revenue: $867
    * Pool was $539
  * Deposit: $745
  * Discrepancy: +$0.80

## Upcoming Events

### Scitech After Dark

  * Kye: get hype, bought 20 tickets from Scitech
  * 24 tickets sold
  * Jasmine and Kye: 5pm tomorrow is the cutoff date
  * Tickets at the door will be hit or miss

### Movie night (week 6)

  * Will be held on April 9th
  * Will talk to Amanda and try to book a room
  * No food allowed

### Rock climbing

  * Delegate rock climbing to Delan
    * Email Hangout and ask when they're opening this year
    * Email Rockface and City Summit asking for quotes for a university group
    * Estimate 20 attendees

## Club Merch

### Shirts

  * Jasmine: shirts budget is $500 annually, we have $1000 rolled over in 2014
  * Because of the website design, printing at the back needs to be in person

### Printing grant budget

  * Jasmine: printing budget is $300 annually
  * We've either spent $176.43 or have that much left
  * Kieran: we probably shouldn't do stickers
  * Jasmine: consider using black and white for regular advertising
  * Never print A3 and A2 posters without prior confirmation
  * Ensure that event posters are reusable (space for date, etc.)

## CoderDojo

  * Kye: things are good, things are happening
  * We have around 17 mentors signed up
  * Gregg: Mike has also suggested a few additional mentors
  * The next step is to organise WWCC for all mentors
  * Use the shared Google Calendar to sign up for facilitation training
  * Training event with lunch at April 15th, 09:00-13:30
  * Registered mentors have been emailed forms
  * Champion needs to be chosen to meet Mike, Mihai, etc. as a 'face'
    * Gregg: may defer selection until after training
    * Imogen wants to meet champion to discuss marketing and branding
    * Callum can sit in on meetings as requested

## Card art competition

  * Callum: we have now had some actual, serious submissions
  * Unanimous informal vote for Alex's card
    * Callum will speak to Alex regarding minor modifications and front face
  * Use TidyClub member number converted to hexadecimal
    * Jasmine: no more custom member numbers

## Meeting with Amanda and Nicoleta

  * Callum and Jasmine met with Amanda and Nicoleta
  * We received a complaint from CroC that we were monopolising the hard floor
    * This allegedly scared away the outreach students
  * We narrowed the issue down to the last games night
  * If the hard floor starts getting too full, we need to move out
  * We need to fill up a single table at a time before overflowing
  * If anyone is seen using excessive space, ComSSA or otherwise, request move
  * We are no longer allowed to let anyone in, entrants must use card access
    * All new members' card access must be requested through Amanda

## LAN

  * Callum: the LAN is a significant thing
  * We need to police food and drink heavily, more so the former
    * Strictly no food upstairs
  * We are not allowed in the building between 11pm and 6am
    * Amanda has said to use the building anyway
    * Ensure that nobody ever swipes in, even though it will get rejected
  * Callum will speak to Sean tomorrow ~10am, or Wednesday if unavailable
    * Delan will attend too
  * The tables in the room will be the maximum attendance limit
    * No tables to be added to the room
  * We must create a layout before the Friday of the actual event
  * Callum considered pre-signups but concluded that it was a bad idea
    * Jasmine: no saving spots
    * Callum delegates payment management to Kieran
      * Ensure that signups are immediately added to TidyClub
  * Start on Saturday 9am, unofficially Friday 9pm, finish Sunday night
  * Callum: set up beds at the corner of the four TVs, out of sight
  * Callum will rewrite the LAN FAQ so it isn't as outdated
  * Jamal and Jasmine will be unable to attend
  * Callum to Kye: bring trolley
  * Callum to Delan: bring power box
  * We may raffle off the brown switch DAS keyboard
    * Delan volunteers to handle the raffle

## Committee photos

  * Callum: do people want to do this
    * Yes: Kieran, Delan, Jasmine
    * Necessary evil: Kye
  * Jasmine: wait until my fringe grows back out
  * Jamal: forehead? More like five-head
    * Jamal and Mitchell laughed for several minutes
      * Both of them were unable to breathe
  * Delan and Michael will take the photos

## Sponsorships

  * Netplus: no response
  * Boffins: forwarded to marketing manager, no response

## TidyClub online payments

  * Kye has sent the form to Isaak

## Change of signatories

  * Kieran: this is a thing that should happen
  * Tom will need to come in
  * Callum: we will need to prepare all of the paperwork

## Spending policy 2014

  * Callum to Kieran: what we need in our spending policy
    * Don't spend money without both the president's and treasurer's permission
  * Kieran needs to email Callum the draft by the end of next week

## New meeting day

  * No Daniel, pretty brutal to discuss
  * We can have meeting before or after Soccerballers on Tuesdays
  * Callum will discuss this issue with Daniel outside of the meeting

## Open floor

  * Bradley: has anyone figured out the locker situation?
    * Jasmine has been unable to contact Mike in person thus far
    * Callum: we need to talk to Mike and say that we can't handle it
      * Being in 215 is impractical for lockers in 314
  * Delan: how will we get offline signups outside of orientation week?
    * Luke: The Spot can sell event tickets
    * Jasmine: Guild allows membership signups through their website
      * Kye: probably bad but worth looking at
      * We need to update our Facebook page and Guild page
      * Jasmine will find out how to do this
  * Jasmine: could we publicise minutes?
    * Michael and Delan agree
    * Callum: we can publicise minutes from this meeting onwards

## Next meeting: Tuesday 2014-04-15

## Finish: <time datetime="2014-04-03T11:51Z">7:51 p.m.</time>
