---
layout: default
title: Minutes for SGM 2015-04-29
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## Venue: 216.117

##Meeting Start: 12:42 p.m.

##General Questions
  * Question asked as to a definition of Change 1
    * delan explains Quorum provides safeguard for simple and absolute majority
  * Kicking someone out -> Quorum is met ->
    * Absolute majority is used for most critical decisions, otherwise a minority can steamroll votes and get things through.
  * Issues on having 0 OCMs
    * Cleared up due to misunderstanding in the way that committee can be kicked out.

##Constitution Changes

###[Change 0][a785a9d]: Spelling and grammar ammendments
  * 20 - 2 - 0
  * Motion carries

[a785a9d]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/a785a9de8f81fdc3244ceded63d2bf53e0c3cca9


###[Change 1][08abfa0]: Definition of Simple and Absolute Majorities
  * 23 - 2 - 2
  * Motion carries

[08abfa0]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/08abfa0a4be16940d8bf762346f19d2ff6d09369

###[Change 2][d370111]: Guild Compliance
  * 29 - 0 - 0
  * Motion carries

[d370111]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/d370111b5016ce3a98d25e65f5db0db1202275fa

###[Change 3][19db702]: Decision of membership pricing
  * This could be exploitable
  * Delan raises the point that it would be a diservice for committee
to put the price too high as nobody would sign up
  * Callum discusses that the committe, even without members, can embezzle assets and money from the club.

####[Ammendment][30e0426] proposed to prevent sharp increases
  * Vote to accept ammendment
  * 22 - 2 - 1
  * Motion carries

####Vote it in
  * 22 - 2 - 1
  * Motion carries

[19db702]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/19db702f7d70f08d80c0bb2f04335ea621307db4
[30e0426]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/30e04268d36529bd1ded57b34133e81af0aa7063

###[Change 4][4bc49b9]: Cap of event price raised
  * 18 - 2 - 1
  * Motion carries

[4bc49b9]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/4bc49b99f73845d63c1dd3b837fb02f75a7a6c64

###[Change 7][794dd91]: Removal of fulltime study requirement for committee role
  * Concern raised about availability of committee members on campus

####[Amendment][72d182d] proposed to prevent poor committee representation on campus
  * 23 - 2 - 3
  * Motion carries

####Vote it in
  * 23 - 2 - 3
  * Motion carries

[794dd91]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/794dd9170fcde86b571bac319332943e097a0a7d
[72d182d]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/72d182dbe30c76b0911189c80ce8367ae4336807

###[Change 14][0b261d8]: Modification to how members of committee are stripped of roles
  * Concerns raised that committee member in question won't be able to
rebut acusations
  * members also think this can be abused

####[Ammendment][d5f6c91] proposed that a Simple Majority vote must be held in order to decide whether to eject a committee member during procedings
  * Vote to accept ammendment
  * 20 - 4 - 4
  * Motion carries

####Vote it in
  * 20 - 4 - 4
  * Motion carries

[0b261d8]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/0b261d8c5e9c6ef2345dd0b76a4b434f2a5e9331
[d5f6c91]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/d5f6c91942d79629c7d1a5d0f7dde0477666136c

##Following changes voted in en bloc:
>  * [Change 6][be11a21]: Same changes as [14][0b261d8] with respect to OCMs
>  * [Change 8][a7c3e7d]: Addition of an option for Zero OCMs
>  * [Change 9][62d5915]: Role precedent in event of incapacitated President
>  * [Change 10][a009f56]: Refactoring vacancy changes, no semantic changes
>  * [Change 11][d3d4a2a]: Safeguard for breach of constitution
>  * [Change 12][29aea72]: Addition of ability for committee to void a membership
>  * [Change 13][a74daa3]: Refactoring replicated text
>  * [Change 15][3546584]: Guideline for committee meeting structure
>  * [Change 16][7dacb3f]: Formalisation of election procedure

    * 18 - 5 - 2
    * Motion carries
    * Note: no 'Change 5' exists, clerical error was made in enumeration of changes on github

[be11a21]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/be11a2194456cffab7fd24a72fa626b74c061ab7
[a7c3e7d]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/a7c3e7d507446131aeaa92d327136c31a65d9578
[62d5915]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/62d5915319bd2f2d36b6b7cd871f8257f8f505e6
[a009f56]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/a009f56119d16432dee4e0142ca05aa01433d583
[d3d4a2a]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/d3d4a2ab7115f4b40fc90034bd202240f3e761b8
[29aea72]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/29aea72be6c4169cc05d3ac16cf3cafbd7c2e8a7
[a74daa3]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/a74daa32acb095edd10bb7d7e30ded0d620ba7ac
[3546584]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/35465841d26743ec8913a6ff16fff341449cdc8a
[7dacb3f]: https://github.com/ComSSA/misc/commit/7dacb3f1403222abc7f2391a9797b71cdd8eadb8

##Voting on Committee
  * Very short on time, candidates given 2 minutes each for a breif statement
  * Adam declined to make statement due to time constraints

###President
  * After double count, Luke Mercuri elected ComSSA President 2015
  * Third count conducted by Mark Upston, results still stand

###Vice President
  * After double count, Jacob Chapman elected ComSSA Vice President 2015
  * Third count conducted by Mark Upston, results still stand

###Secretary
  * Vote not held as no new vacancy created

###OCMs
  * Deffered to later date

###Meeting End: 2:03 p.m.