---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2018-01-21
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.217

## Date: 2018-01-21

## Start: 14:07 p.m.

## Attendance

### Committee

* Sam Stoddart
* Lincoln Short
* Ashtyn Antulov
* Yi Juin Lim
* Isaac Waugh
* Jeremy Ciccarelli
* Christian Brunette
* Jim Dawes
* Nehal Ghumanc
* Sam Bray

### Guests

* Jorel Paddick

### Apologies

* none

### Absent

* none

## Old Minutes

* none 

## Old Action Items

### Jim - ask discord for a logo

- have 2 designs currently
- still in progress
- Amy's in Sri Lanka now

### Ling

- Linc has met with Delan in regards to Ling

### Jeremy - order 300 stickers for 2018

- did 500 cause just a dollar more
- will be here within next two weeks
- Stickers for laptop  
  - Jeremy will get design and costing, will post in facebook group (committee)

### Jeremy - get quotes for hoodies

- supplier dont do discount for bulks
- $40 for one
- basic shirts (through another supplier), can be here within two weeks
  - if 50 shirts will cost around $4 per shirt
  - will just order one to check out the quality 
  - will post progress up on facebook group (committee)

### Ash - talk to security and eng pav lady for committee access to pav and room

- almost done
- still need Nehal's and Jeremy's form

### Ash and Isaac - send form to guild for club day

- sent in
- haven't heard back yet 

### Jim - contact sponsors for merch with help from Sam (and anyone else)

- contacted with Ashyley from EY
  - support for club day, will need to send in prospectus
  - Jim to send in prospectus

### Ash - contact Nehal about booking for grill the department

- spoke to Liam 
  - gave Nehal contact from Geology, have passed contact to Ash
  - still ongoing process,  will need to book soon

### Jim - contact Luke Tan about his interest as an OCM

- responded that he is still interested

## Treasury Report

* none 

## Agenda Items

### Handover

* Bank Signatories
  * need to wait till Nehal is back, will be back in 3 weeks
    * can only sort it out when he is back and identified by Bankwest
    * might just leave him out, for now, to get access first

### Sponsors

* Prospectus
  * will be useful for all the contacts with sponsors
  * write who we are, what we do, what we can offer to sponsors (how we work with sponsors)

* BankWest
  * We need to restore our relationship with them

* PLE
  * We also need to restore our relationship

* Tactics

* Altronics
  *  Jeremy will do it

* Macquarie Group
  * sent us an email about potentially considering a 2018 sponsorship
  * good to have a relationship with them
  * good job opporutnities
  * need to find out what they want out of sponsoring us 

* Australian Association of Graduate Employers
  * Add us to a list of contacts for employers to find grads and offer sponsorships
  * all in favor

* Accenture
  * Looking for opportunities to engage with students
  * probably like another event (like EY)
  * good opportunity for Jim to reach out to them

* Connecting Jim with the sponsors through ppl who already know them

### CIET Microsoft Event Assistance

* running the event in tuition free week
* Volunteers to help out with the event
* Advertising to ComSSA member
* not decided, will further discuss 


### New OCM Vote

* Number 1 to 5 and tally points. Lowest score wins

* Nominees:
  * Ben Cheng
  * Jack Paull
  * Jorel Paddick
  * Luke Tan
  * Simeon Leatherland

* Keep vote record in case first preference doesnâ€™t accept

* Organise contact for nominated member
* **Jorel Paddick is our new OCM**

### Trello

* Use Trello to manage events

### Lab Posters

* Need photos
* Someone organise to print and stick them up
* Everyone need to submit photo, Sam will create a google drive file

### Monies owed

* Who does comssa currently owe money to?
  * Sam B
  * Ash

### Lab Spring(Summer) Clean

* Volunteers to clean up the labs before O-week
* did it last year, good idea to do it this year
* weekend before O-week

### Wiki

* Committee needs to sign up for accounts 
  * Delan will hang around (at 3PM)  while we get everyone set up
    * everyone on wiki - except for Nehal and Jorel

### Google Drive

* Does everyone have access?
  * done - except for Nehal and Jorel

## Past Events

* none

## Upcoming Events

- still waiting response from the Guild regarding club registration, applying for grant and venue would need to wait for that

### O Week

#### Computing Orientation - 20 Feb

* Booklets
* Isaac will be in charge of making booklets

#### Club Day - 21 Feb

* Booklets
* Availabilities and Roster

### Staff Meeting

* Assign organiser
* Need to contact staff when they get back and organise a time
* they wont get back till the early Feb
* Sam will get in touch

### Grill the Department - 7 Mar

* Catering grant & Venue
  * can't do much until we're approved as a club to proceed with grant and applying for venue
* need to figure out who to invite

### Atlassian Recruitment Talk - 14 Mar

* week 3 - common free time 
* Pizza
  * paid for by Atlassian
* Venue
  * need to start thinking where
* Speakers
  * make sure they have mics and stuff
* Advertising
  * posters at labs, tutors in tutes, Jeremy will advertise then 

* Jeremy and Jim will be in charged

### ComSSA on Ice - 16 Mar

* Need to book venue (Cockburn) early
* will need to subsidise for members
* Costing $15/pp for the booking 

### EY Recruitment event

* Pizza
  * paid for by EY

* Venue
  * TBD
* Speakers
* Advertising
  * posters at labs, tutors in tutes, Jeremy will advertise then 


* Christian will be in charged
  * pick a date, but most common free time are already occupied

### TFTI 

* Possible speakers
  * Atlassian (Sem 2)
  * Bankwest
  * Avanad
  * EY 
  * Woodside
  * can ask graduates from discord channel
  * HIVE
    * but already in uni
    * maybe another event
  * Data science from south 
    * something different
* Looking for something different from application , e.g. Cyber Sec
* Planning for 3, nice with breaks
* must reach out early 

## General Discussion

### How many sponsors can we have

* 	realisticly probably can't
  * find out is it really is beneficial to us
  * if we actually have too much, we could do like one event, with stalls/rooms for each sponsors
    * only possible issue, will be needing to ask the companies/sponsors if they mind running it events alongside other companies/sponsors
    * possible event, would be massive value to members
    * 1 event instead of many multiple events 

###  Manual process of adding committees to wiki

* 	Christian to set up a time to meet up with Delan
  * About taking control and understanding the process of adding new committee members to the wiki back end database

###  Contacts

* will need to check out with the ties that JordanC has already made and make an effort to keep the ties/relationship good

## New Action Items

* Isaac - in charge of making booklets for orientation
* Jeremy - will get design and costing for laptop stickers, will post in group
* Jim - to send in prospectus to EY
* Ash - contact person to book Grill The Department
* Christian - pick a date for the EY recruitment event
* Jeremy - renew sponsorship for Altronics
* Jim - reach out to Accenture
* Sam - create a google drive folder for photos (poster)
* Everyone - take a photo for committee poster
* Sam - get in touch with staff for staff meeting (staff won't be back till early Feb)
* Christian - set up meeting with Delan regarding wiki


## Next Meeting

* TBD

## Finish: 3:30 p.m.