---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2016-11-01
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.221

## Date: 2016-11-01

## Start: 19:23

## Attendance

### Committee

  * Old
    * Jordan Chou
    * Nathaniel Roach
    * Delan Azabani
    * Sandro Stikic
    * Josh Yeo
  * New (excluding above)
    * Connor Beardsmore
    * Luke Mercuri
    * Jordan Yeo
    * Jordan Van Elden
    * Luke Healy
    * Jean Lim

### Guests

  * Julian Ng

### Apologies

  * Darryl Chng

### Absent

  * James Borrett

## Old Minutes

* Last set of minutes was the AGM
* It's on the website
* Nominees present section should be fleshed out more
* Some people for nominees weren't in the minutes
* 3rd constitutional change we should add a little there about why we used the word 'held' instead of the word 'called'
* The old was rule was good, not perfect. The old rule allowed you to call an AGM, but not hold it in a timely manner

## Treasury Report

  * https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B3DjuQxrO3TYMHdwZVZGZENxWTQ


## Handover

* Usually during Adventure World
* A lot of services and things have to change hands before that
* We should do these things gradually over the next month

### Physical

* Cabinet keys (215 and 314)
  * We have two cabinets
  * The one in 215 stores important stuff
* Cardax to building 215
  * Committee members get cardax to the office in the Engineering Pavilion

### Sign ups

* Facebook
  * Pages - ComSSA, ComSSA Jobs
  * Group - ComSSA (been around for a long time)
  * Committee should be admin
* GitHub
  * What we use mainly to manage our website
  * The content that goes on our website is from out github
  * Also has theoffice (Dreamspark distribution)
* Google Drive
  * Contains various resources
  * Stores the vast majority of files for committee and teaching materials that we make public
  * Has things such as logos and poster templates
  * Also photos from events
* Trello
  * Post its for a website
  * We have a section for every event that we run
  * Person in charge of the event should add the event on there
  * Easy way to keep track of events

### Accounts

* TidyHQ
  * Everyone on committee should be members
  * Most people get a TidyHQ account and have no idea how to login
  * Need to make sure that everyone on committee can access a membered accounts
  * TidyHQ allows for merging of accounts so this shouldn't be a massive issue
* IRC
  * Basically chat rooms
  * We are on an IRC server with computing clubs in the state (UCC, CASSA, MITS)
* Wiki
  * It's a service that the more we use, the better we can run the club
  * It can also help future committee members run the club
  * We don't want committee members to start from scratch everytime
  * Has details on how to run events
  * Has details on how to do things in general
* theoffice
  * How we distribute dreamspark keys
  * We also store our policies there, e.g. spending policies
  * committee should have the ability to distribute keys
  
* Delan has been working on a way to connect up all of the services
* Have a general ComSSA account using LDAP

--

# Break: 19:57

# Resume: 20:02

--

## Past Events

### Revision sessions (UCP, DSA, DS, OOPD, UCP)

* Done a while back
* DSA mid sem
  * Run by Connor and Jordan Yeo 
* DS mid sem
  * Run by Josh Morley
* OOPD Test 2
  * Run by Jordan
* UCP Test 2
  * Run by Connor and Jordan Yeo

### Talks from the Industry

* We had Bankwest, the Cut
* We recorded the talks using a camera we borrowed
* We catered the event + drinks

### Games night (was Gundam night)

 * Went surprisingly well
 * We packed out a double LAN room
 * Lots of people attended that don't normally attend our events

### Community talks

 * We need to thank Stefan for this
 * Didn't go so well
 * Didn't push our call for expressions of interests hard enough
 * Didn't record the event, didn't advertise it very well
 * A lot of lessons to be learnt from the event

### Quiz night
 
 * Usually happens before the AGM
 * Didn't get advertised very well
 * We should be booking the event for next year now
 * We still have an ample selection of questions that we can utilise
 * Probably not going to be able to run a quiz night this year
 * We should cut our losses for this year

### AGM

 * First AGM in a while that run in 2 hours
 * We voted for every position at once
 * We got through all of the constitution changes
 * 

## Upcoming Events

### Exam Revision

 * OOPD 
   * Wednesday 9th November
   * 16:00-18:00
  
 * DSA
   * Saturday 12th November
   * 10:00-13:00
    
 * UCP
   * Saturday 12th November
   * 15:00-18:00
   
 * DS
   * Run by Hannes

### Adventure World

 * Run by Josh
 * All fully booked, deposit has been paid
 * Only thing left to pay the remainder of the invoice
 * Has been to be paid by next week
 * Same process as the deposit, bank transfer
 * We should advertise the event, we have multiple avenues 
 * If we need more than we just need to transfer more
 * Has to be within 9 days

### LAN

 * Troubles with booking the venue this time
 * Need to organise equipment to run it
 * Depending on the venue we need to arrange security
 * Need to contact PLE for sponsorship gifts
 * Need committee members to be at the event

## General Discussion

### Expenditure

* Pool table need refelting
* $440 from Pool Table Man
* Also need to have new tips

### What is expected of those who canâ€™t make it to a meeting?

 * Constitution says that if you miss 4 meetings in a row then your position vacates
 * Is a 'no' on Doodle enough as notice?
 * Can require a reason after the day have chosen
 * Can have a recurring date
 * Some people don't have fixed schedule for things, e.g. work

### Keeping our meetings under e.g. an hour


### Keeping track of who has our cabinet keys

  * Need to see how many copies we have
  * See how many we need
  * Need to see who has cardax
  
### General advice for new committee members

  * Maintain relationships to our external parties
  * Only takes a few emails a year
  


## Meeting Finish: 21.25


