---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2016-12-07
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.218

## Date: 2016-12-07 

## Start: 1:06pm

## Attendance

### Committee
- Jordan Chou
- Connor Beardsmore
- Jordan Van Elden
- Josh Yeo
- Luke Healy
- Luke Mercuri
- Yi Juin Lim
- Jordan Yeo

### Guests

### Apologies
- Adam Parsons

### Absent

## Old Minutes
- people still need to be added to ComSSA Jobs page

## Treasury Report
- https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B44MdpDMxkWrdGdPTkZDdDRCbmM
- Ending: 2016-12-07 (36 days)
- revenue: $1129.72
	- $416.10 - pool table
	- $31.61 - LAN
	- $652.40 - Adventure World
	- $29.61 - memberships
- expenditure: $3301.79
	- $80.84 - LAN
	- $310.20 - SEP prizes
	- $420.00 - pool table
	- $2490.75 - Adventure World
- discrepancy: -$16.10
- deposit: $542.00 (pending)
- balance: $2124.49

## Agenda Items

### Handover
- updating sites/pages/permissions etc
	- need to sort out admin/permissions of main ComSSA page and ComSSA jobs
	- should be mirroring emails about internships on Jobs
	- access to tidyhq?
		- Delan needs to handover account owner
	- access to theoffice?
		- not all have accounts
		- Jordan V, Jordan Y, Luke H, 
- bank signatories
	- need to sort out with Delan
- physical keys
	- Luke M, Josh and Jordan C have
	- Connor, Luke H, Jordan Y, Jean, Jordan V don't have
	- do we have enough sets of keys?
		- follow up on getting keys back from old committee

### Event planning
- created a 2017 calendar for planning events

#### what events should we run?
- **revision sessions**
- **grill the department**
	- 1st March common free time
- **talks from industry**
	- who to get?
	- days to do it
		- both semesters
		- previously did in week 6
		- before all tests/assignments if possible
		- wednesday common free time
		- do again week 6, 5th April, 13th September
- **internship talks**
	- give students notice on applications
	- semester 1
	- time with opening and closing of applications
	- 26th of April (subject to change)
- **quiz night**
	- usually just before agm
	- Friday 13th October, spooky theme
- **adventure world**
	- timing for when schools go, maybe avoid
	- 27th November
- **pot black**
	- first semester
	- on a Thursday night
	- May 18th
	- 6:30pm to late
- **ice skating**
	- wanting to do it again
	- first semester
		- early, to introduce first years
		- friday week 2
	- Connor to organise
- **rock climbing**
	- committee not too interested in running again
	- will need to find if others are still interested
- **bounce**
	- second semester
		- week 2, 11th August
- **LAN first sem**
	- 8th April
	- start of tuition free
	- does not clash with Easter
	- does clash with a coder dojo session in 314
	- 24hr lan (10am Sat to 10am Sunday)
	- Luke H volunteered to organise
- **LAN second sem**
	- 4th November
- **LAN staff vs students**
- **games nights**
	- how much planning/advertising
	- ad hoc, depending on assessments/revision
- **board games**
	- during O week or first week of semester?
- **movie nights**
	- formal or informal?
	- ad hoc, depending on assessments/revision
- **Gundam nights**
	- not much interest on running again
	- might be able to add to LAN
- **paintball or lazer tag**
	- enough interest?
- **put up a poll** 
	- ask members what events they would like
	- indication of interest

### Stickers and membership

#### stickers
- membership
- die cut
	- go for die cut
	- 250 stickers
	- 80mm x 80mm
- square
- cabinet
- stickers going through same as this year stickers.net.au
- same number of stickers
	- all voted yes
- give out more stickers
	- at O day
	
#### shirts
- Concept grant
- 47 total
- do not need to order any normal ComSSA ones
- committee shirts?
- sell on O day?
- what to do with old shirts
	- keep in cabinet or get rid of

#### other things
- to use Concept grant for
- look in to hats/hoodies/USB drives

### Club registration
- http://www.guild.curtin.edu.au/Forms/Form.aspx?FID=1062
- waiting for Delan to give modified constitution
- club credit application form

### Sponsorship's
- need to renew sponsors
	- Altronics
	- Tokyo Underground
		- don't renew
	- Quality Comics
	- PLE
		- talk to Hannah
	- Atlassian
	- Tactics
- Jordan C head in to city next week
- need to go in and ask about renewal
- worth looking for more sponsors?
	- woodside, deloitte
	- worth asking

### Posters and presence
- New committee photos
	- yes
	- in colour?
- posters
	- event outline posters
		- if events planned properly
	- revision outline posters
		- once unit outlines released
	- general club posters
		- details about ComSSA
		- what we do, how to join
	- pool table poster needs renewing
		- change phone number
	- about keeping labs clean
- print out at copy + design, grant

### Coder Dojo
- still happening
- advertising
	- colloquim post

## Past Events

### Revision Sessions

#### UCP
- architecture room was not ideal

#### DSA
- no issues

#### OOPD
- no issues

### LAN
- no one reached out to Stefan
- made little money
- pack up and set up went well overall
- venue thoughts
	- room space was a little small
	- distance from 314
	- good access to toilets and water
- should thank Naz
- drinks totals counted
- low attendance
	- organisation
- lan prices
	- waived
	- because of little attendance
- need to get members involved
- want to do another next year?
	- informal vote of yes
	- may need to restructure format
		- running events
		- only one day/night?
		- timetable of tournaments
- make sure prizes/sponsors organised earlier than a few days before
	- PLE, new committee should work on building a relationship
		- go in person and introduce selves
		- work on giving them something back, maybe use gift cards
- future try to run in 314.216

### Adventure World
- good attendance
- 3 did not show up (even with bought ticket)
- few latecomers
- no major issues
- yet to hear from adventure world
	- no complaints
- was a bit of mess/seagulls
- planning
	- weather, try get overcast day
	- not on a friday/school day
	- after or during semester?
		- used to do at start of study break
	- time that appeals to more people
	- not at same time as LAN
		- tired for set up
		- may lead to better attendance

## Upcoming Events

### Meeting with department
- annual meeting with lecturers
	- recap of year
	- plan for following year
	- what department can offer
- talked to Ester about a time
	- early Feb
- bins
	- issue with filling up and not being emptied
	- bigger bins?
	- talk to cleaners?

### Grill the department
- barbecue
- first week
	- common free time
- Josh in charge
- Jordan C done guild food safety

### ComSSA cleans the labs
- still keen to do it
- 10-15 people should be enough
- 5 rooms
- cabinet
	- already started by Connor
- lockers
- noticeboards
- carpet
	- Luke M knows a decent carpet cleaner
	- might need a machine 
- walls
- budget?
	- could bring up in department meeting
- time
	- week before orientation
- make sure it stays clean
	- committee presence
	- posters

## General Discussion
- pool table checks through holidays?
- two computers in 314 cabinet
	- who owns them?
	- taking up space
- should beepboop be moved to 314
- dealing with handover of common room stuff
	- signatures
- moving pav cabinet to 314
	- how to protect safe, maybe keep in senior tutors

## New Action Items
- Delan handover tidyhq account owner
- bank signatories
- new committee getting keys
	- Connor, Luke H, Jordan Y, Jean, Jordan V don't have
- committee access to theoffice
- club registration
- renewing sponsorships
- change pool table posters/phone number
	- Luke M
- put up a poll about events to run
	- members indication of interest
- lockers that aren't used but have locks
- storage issues
- pens for SEP
	- order soon

## Next Meeting
- 2 weeks

## Finish: 3:08pm