---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2016-12-20
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.218

## Date: 2016-12-20

## Start: 7:15pm

## Attendance

### Committee
- Connor Beardsmore
- Jordan Van Elden
- Luke Mercuri
- Luke Healy
- Adam Parsons
- Josh Yeo

### Guests
- Delan Azabani

### Apologies
- Jordan Chou
- Yi Juin Lim
- Jordan Yeo

### Absent

## Old Minutes
- no talking points

## Old Action Items

### Accounts
- should be done
- might be some that are forgotten
- adding more to github repo

### Bank Signatories
- Delan and Jordan C went to Bankwest
- need to fill in forms
- cards for all committee
- money to still in safe to deposit from Adventure world and pending deposit

### Keys
- Connor has Nathaniels
- Jordan V has Delans
	- soon, Delan holding on to for now
- chase up Darryl and James

### Committee access to theoffice
- handed over but site is broken
	- halfway through an implementation
- some should have a look in to fixing

### Club Registration
- waiting on Delan

### Renewing Sponsorships
- Jordan C renewed
	- Tactics
	- Atlassian
		- sending more merch
		- happy to support more
		- should think of more ways to utilise
		- attending careers fair
		- giving talks
- waiting on response
	- Tokyo Underground
	- Quality comics
- Still need to do 
	- PLE
	- Altronics

### Changing pool table poster
- Luke M has done

### Poll about events
- has been done
- lot of responses
- should do another one after semester start
	- for newer members too
	- could send out via tidyhq

### lockers that are not in use but have locks
- tape on lockers to detect which lockers are in use
- cable ties around locks may be better than tape
	- might prevent them from opening the locker

### storage issues
- third cabinet?
	- do we really need more space?
- could use lockers
	- large items might cause issues

### pens for SEP
- gone up to 25 pounds
- buy soon
- Luke M will buy, then reimburse

## Treasury Report
- https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B44MdpDMxkWrdzdUR2lCMmNUajQ
- Ending: 2016-12-20 (13 days)
- revenue: $118.00
	- $13.00 - pool table
	- $105.00 - Membership credit (guild)
- expenditure: $0.00
- discrepancy: $5.00
- deposit: $1463.00 (pending)
- balance: $2247.49

## Agenda Items

### Handover 

#### Bank Signatories
- talked about in old action items

#### Physical keys
- talked about in old action items

#### ComSSA Assets
- leftover at old committees house
- not in a hurry to get back
	- just remember where it is

### Postering and presence
- printing
- have a grant to use

#### Committee photos
- still todo

#### Posters
- event outline posters
- revision outline posters
- general club posters
- pool table
	- Luke M

## Past Events
- no events run

## Upcoming Events

### Meeting with Department
- Jordan C organising
- start of Feb
- discuss contents next year
	- cleaning
	- emptying/new bins
	- senior tutoring, more time

### Grill the Department
- Josh organising
- on track
- more planning in new year

### Quiz night
- Connor organising
	- booking now
	- through guild
	- pre filled forms
- Keep using pdfs

### TFTI
- start sending out expressions of interest
	- Atlassian
	- Bankwest
	- Alison
	- Michelle
		- 2002 ComSSA president
	- Someone with an alternate viewpoint
- Veterans list
- specialist talks could be done differently
	- recorded and released might be better
- event for ones with a better prospective turnout

### Revision Sessions
- should they be recorded?
	- supplementary
	- might cause people to not come
	- but still good for those who can not come

## General Discussion

### Merchandise
- more shirts?
	- or something else
	- O day
	- prizes for events
- Atlassian shirts
- door prizes at events
- for tfti speakers
	- to give thanks
	- shirts

### PMS
- Adam can turn off
- if it wont be used for anything

## New Action Items
- deposit money
	- Josh, maybe Adam if he has access
- Chase up on keys
- renewing sponsors
	- PLE
	- Altronics
- fixing theoffice
	- if anyone wants to do this
- cardax to the pav
- new poll for events
	- not until the semester has started
- buy SEP pens
	- Connor or Luke M

## Next Meeting
- in the new year
- maybe 3 or 4 weeks

## Finish: 8:30pm