---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2017-06-27
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.224

## Date: 2017-06-27

## Start: 1:59pm

## Attendance

### Committee
- Jordan Chou
- Connor Beardsmore
- Jordan Van Elden
- Josh Yeo
- Jordan Yeo
- Ashtyn Antulov
- Luke Mercuri
- Luke Healy
- Sam Stoddard

### Guests
- none

### Apologies
- Jean Lim
- Adam Parsons

### Absent
- none

## Old Minutes
- No talking points

## Old Action Items
- Jordan C - message Tele about games night
- Jordan C - Doodle poll for exam revision sessions
- Josh - submit tax forms

## Treasury Report
- https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B44MdpDMxkWrbGJlTGdfbmc5alE
- Ending: 2017-06-27 (38 days)
- revenue: $902.90
	- $855.00 - pool table
	- $47.90 - Stripe
- expenditure: $174.00
	- $60.00 - games night drinks/ice
	- $114.00 - Board games for games night
- discrepancy: $0.00
- deposit: $0.00 (pending)
- balance: $19,099.00

### Tax Status
- Josh got hands on forms
- All office bearers are on registry
- Have to deal with a bunch of schedule forms
	- Sam offered to help with that
	- Due date = 28th July
		- Possible to get extension
- Missing statements/reports
	- Lots missing pre 2015
	- Latter half of 2014 missing
- Worth hiring out external help?
	- Want to do it right
	- Sam knows someone willing to help/give advice

## Agenda Items

### Proposed Schedule
- Proposal to remove a study week
	- ComSSA is against this
	- Cramming too much into semester, overworking staff
	- Also appears to be a move towards trimesters
	- Takes out time for internships
	- Just for Curtin to make more money
- Ashtyn sent out an email to ComSSA members
- Explaining situation with an example response to send in
	- Opposing the changes
- Closes July 4th
- Can also try to approach student unions to see if they want to help oppose

### Club grant change
- Guild removed copy + design grant
- Catering grant still there for now
- Merch grant gone
- BBQ grant still there

### Possible OCM changes
- Worth getting an extra person on before handover?
	- Get some first/second years some experience
- Getting closer to end of year
- Maybe wait until the start of semester

## Past Events

### Games night
- Went well, solid attendance, good mix of year groups
- Might need bigger room, without computers (was in 224)
	- Possibly ground floor of pav or 216
- Good idea to buy the games, played lots
	- Might look at games for more people at once
	- Codenames could do this and could serve multiple games at once

### Exam Revision
- Everything went smoothly

## Upcoming Events

### Bounce
- Go with initial booking of 30 tickets
- Can advertise at open day

### Guild day sem 2
- First week Wednesday common free time
- Connor filled in form already
- Set up stall like in first sem
- Not expecting too many sign ups
- Jordan C will set up poll for availabilities

### Open Day
- Can have a ComSSA stall
- Not much point to do it as we have guild day
- Most people at open day not current students
	- So won't get any sign ups
- Agreed not to run a stall for this

## General Discussion
- No talking points

## New Action Items
- Someone - buy new triangle for pool table
	- look at what other supplies/backups we have or need
- Connor - Facebook and tidyclub bounce event
- Lukes - Bounce posters
- Jordan C - Guild day poll

## Next Meeting

## Finish: 2:28pm