---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2017-12-18 AGM
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Annual General Meeting

## Venue: 312.207 

## Date: 2017-10-18

## Start: 12:04pm 

## Attendance

### 2017 Committee

- Jordan Chou (President)
- Sam Stoddart (Vice President)
- Jordan Van Elden (Secretary)
- Josh Yeo (Treasurer)
- Luke Healy
- Yi Juin Lim
- Ashtyn Antulov
- Adam Parsons
- Jordan Yeo
- Jeremy Ciccarelli
- Sam Bray

### Nominees Present

- President
  - Sam Stoddart
  - Jack Paull (Nomination withdrawn)
- Vice President
  - Sam Stoddart
  - Ashtyn Antulov
  - Adam Parsons
- Treasurer
  - Nehal Ghuman
- Secretary
  - Yi Juin Lim
  - Adam Parsons
- Ordinary Committee Members
  - Sam Bray
  - Simeon Leatherland
  - Lincoln Short
  - Jorel Paddick
  - Nehal Ghuman
  - Jack Paull
  - Luke Healy
  - Jeremy Ciccarelli
  - Christian Brunette
  - Benjamin Cheng
  - Jim Dawes
  - Yi Juin Lim
  - Isaac Waugh
  - Adam Parsons
  - Ashtyn Antulov

### Guests

- Liam O'Neill (Returning Officer)
- 43 people in attendance (Including Liam O'Neill)
  - 37 people are ComSSA Members
  - 6 people are non-ComSSA Members
  - All are Curtin University Students

### Attendance for meeting following AGM

- Jordan Chou
- Sam Stoddart
- Jordan Van Elden
- Josh Yeo
- Ashtyn Antulov
- Luke Healy
- Adam Parsons
- Yi Juin Lim
- Jordan Yeo
- Jeremy Ciccarelli
- Sam Bray


- Jack Paull
- Simeon Leatherland
- Christian Brunette
- Luke Mercuri

### Apologies

- None

### Absent

- None

## Old Minutes

- Approved

## Old Action Items

- No points discussed

## Treasury Report
- https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B44MdpDMxkWrRUdtZEtGdFRhSHc/view?usp=sharing
- Ending: 2017-10-20 (33 days)
- revenue: $825.08
  - $783.00 - pool table
  - $42.08 - Stripe payments
- expenditure: $903.45
  - $769.95 - TFTI Catering
  - $120.00 - quiz night vouchers
  - $13.50 - extra pizza
- discrepancy: $0.00
- deposit: $0.00 (pending)
- balance: $17428.18

## Agenda Items

### Executive Reports

- Links will be written here when they are available

### Voting

- Returning Officer
  - Liam O'Neill


- Voting
  - President
    - **Sam Stoddart was elected President unopposed**
  - Vice President
    - Total votes: 38
    - ~~Sam Stoddart~~ 
    - Ashtyn Antulov: 35
    - Adam Parsons: 3
    - **Ashtyn Antulov was elected Vice President**
  - Treasurer
    - **Nehal Ghuman was elected Treasurer unopposed**
  - Secretary
    - Total votes: 38
    - Yi Juin Lim: 30
    - Adam Parsons: 8
    - **Yi Juin Lim was elected Secretary**

### Signatories

- All accounts refer to the primary as well as the term deposit
- All accounts would be two to sign
- Debit card account would be one to sign

#### All accounts

- The following executive committee shall be signatories to all accounts
  - Sam Stoddart (new President)
  - Ashtyn Antulov (new Vice President)
  - Yi Juin Lim (new Secretary)
  - Nehal Ghuman (new Treasurer)
- These signatories shall receive online banking access

#### Old signatories

- The current signatories are
- Jordan Chou (President)
- Connor Beardsmore (Former Vice President)
- Jordan Van Elden (Secretary)
- Josh Yeo (Treasurer)
- The following signatories shall be removed from all accounts
  - Jordan Chou
  - Connor Beardsmore
  - Jordan Van Elden
  - Josh Yeo

### TidyHQ renewal

- No longer free
  - Free version now limited
- Price now up to $460 per year
- Expense that is worth paying
- But any alternatives?
  - None that fill the same space
  - Already have made a lot of use out of TidyHQ
- It is a year subscription so can drop it next year anyway
  - Will also give time to look into alternatives
- Maintaining
  - Trimming to stay within payment bracket/threshold
  - Of storing old data/contacts
    - And duplicates
  - But still important to hold on to data of people who attended events 
    - Potential TFTI speakers
  - We would have to almost triple our membership to reach threshold
- Realised that pricing has changed to now charge by number of emails
  - Rendering the previous points somewhat irrelevant
  - We aren't reaching email quota
  - Can stay on free plan for now, can upgrade later if we reach quota
  - Now that we know about it, can monitor it and bring it up again later

## Past Events

### Quiz night

- Went well, sold out
- Well done quiz master Sam
- Will need to book next years quiz night soon, tav bookings go quick

### UCP Test 2 revision session

- Filled up both rooms
- Might need some more tutors if attendance

### AGM

- Done

## Upcoming Events

### Adventure World

- Grant applied for, waiting on guild
  - Check up on guild
  - Guild meets fortnightly so wait a bit longer
- EMP needs to be done

### Games night

- Joined with Curtin Tabletop


- Sell some drinks
- Tabletop will borrow our float then return it
- Posters done

### Exam revision sessions

- Booked and organised
- UCP split between two venues again

### LAN

- Luke H happy to update/work on LAN wiki page
- Waiting on response about room booking
  - Top floor of pav
- Likely to be the week after Adventure world (weekend)
- Offered to use spare room for Curtin Tabletop to occupy
- Looking to try a 48 hour LAN again
- Adam has gained interest on attendance from members of other clubs
- Adam looking to get a solid internet connection
- Adam still has Beep Boop
- Chase up Nathaniel about evap cooler
- Steam Cache
  - Do we need it?
  - Maybe not if we have a solid internet
  - But also don't want people downloading there
- Computing department looking to use traffic for some security testing

### Handover

- Join new committee in our operations, guide new committee through it
- Run events with one experienced committee member leading with new committee shadowing and learning
- Jordan C has list of things to be done
- Try to get it done by early December
  - Decide more at next meeting with OCM's
  - Do banking ASAP

## General Discussion

###  Discord Server

- Has not come through a meeting yet
- Sam S explained ComSSA's role
  - ComSSA is moderating it along with the computing department
  - Has ComSSA's name on it however
- Proposes that ComSSA would need to have this service as part of our club if we have our name on it
  - Point brought up on whether it will last
- Point made that the focus is a lot on units and assignments
  - Maybe should be a department thing only
- Amy has already made a rule that the server is only for computing students
  - Excludes some ComSSA members
  - Would need to talk to Amy about how this will work
  - Along with moderation
- Point brought up about the Facebook page 
  - 'Computer Science Study Discussion'
  - very informal, could make server more informal like this
  - Effectively take ComSSA's name off of it
- If we wanted we could even just make our own ComSSA one for our members
  - With our own moderation
  - Can bring that up again on a later date
  - Maybe at a LAN
- Agreement on decoupling ComSSA from the discord

## New Action Items

- Book 2018 quiz night 
- Everyone - Check out wiki page
- Luke H - LAN wiki page
- Josh - Check with guild about Adventure world catering 
  - if no response from guild in next week or so
  - They meet fortnightly
- Adam - Chase up Nathaniel on evap cooler
- Sam S - Speak to Amy about points brought up about Discord server

## Next Meeting

- To be decided

## Finish: 1:42pm 