---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2014-11-12
---

## Venue: Engineering Pavilion, 215.100

## Start: <time datetime="2014-11-12T10:05Z">6:05 p.m.</time>

## Attendance

  * Jasmine Quek
  * Kieran Gee
  * Delan Azabani
  * Kye Russell
  * Jamal Hamdan
  * Daniel Brown
  * Josh Batchelor
  * Luke Mercuri

## Apologies

  * Callum Boyd
  * Alexandra Bena
  * Scott Day
  * Adam Parsons
  * Nathaniel Roach

## Old minutes

  * No issues

## Treasury report

  * Duration: 14 days
  * Revenue: $511.00
    * Pool was $371.00
    * Adventure World cash payments: $140.00
  * Deposit: $360.00 (to be completed)
  * Discrepancy: +$4.20
  * Balance: not obtained

## Upcoming events

### Adventure World

  * 30 tickets confirmed and paid
  * 27 tickets claimed by attendees
  * Monday 2014-11-24 is a potential second order day
  * Friday 2014-11-21 is the final cutoff date for attendee sales
  * $1687.70 to be paid by Friday
  * Kye will pay and be reimbursed by ComSSA
  * Jasmine will submit the Sponsorship Grant Form

### LAN

  * Scott might actually be able to make it to the LAN
    * Regardless, Callum will handle bringing the aircons
  * FAL run on Thursday 2014-11-27 afternoon
    * RAC, SDA or Student Edge cards accepted
    * We need at least one of these cards to be able to enter

### Weemas

  * No issues

## PMH server

  * The following has been lifted from the mailing list

### Donations

  * Delan has donated his rack to ECE on Wednesday 2014-11-05
  * It'll be placed near the existing larger rack in the 'middle room'
  * Josh has also donated his Palo Alto stateful firewall to Iain

### Rack space

  * Currently an informal sharing arrangement with the new rack
  * The PMH server will actually go in the old rack's remaining units

### Networking

  * We can listen on the Internet!

### IP addresses

  * ECE has exactly three IP addresses remaining, and we'll get one
  * Potential for more addresses if ECE gets a larger allocation

### Data storage

  * Apparently we have 4 x 300 GB and 2 x 146 GB SAS drives
  * The 146's in RAID 0 and the 300's in RAID 10 would be nice
  * Delan will look into sourcing significantly larger SATA drives soon

### Configuration

  * Physical setup is complete except for Ethernet
    * Contact Nazanin or Iain after exams to find a physical port
  * Software configuration should occur after exams, but before 2015

## CoderDojo

  * CoderDojo is cool and Kye smashed out a speech
  * The projector died
  * The ninjas are happy
  * Gregg has returned from overseas!

## Committee dinner

  * Paying for Tim Keely and Gregg Mudhuwiwa
  * Delan will build a list of unpaid and paid plus-ones
  * Confirm with Scott on whether or not he's attending
  * Budget is $100 per person

## Guild money

  * Ask for the money from Bec but don't expect it to exist
  * Sam Cavallaro lied, what a huge surprise
  * Printing budget: stickers e.g. on the trolley

## Open floor

  * No issues

## Action items

  * Callum: handle bringing the aircons to the LAN
  * Jasmine: submit the Sponsorship Grant Form
  * Delan: build a list of unpaid and paid plus-ones
  * Kye: pay for Adventure World and ensure ComSSA's reimbursement
  * Scott: confirm whether or not you're attending the dinner

## Next meeting: Friday 2014-11-28, 4:00 p.m.

## Finish: <time datetime="2014-11-12T10:35Z">6:35 p.m.</time>
