---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2016-08-07
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.217

## Date: 2016-08-07

## Start: 15:25

## Attendance

### Committee

  * Delan Azabani
  * Adam Parsons
  * Jordan Chou
  * Nathaniel Roach
  * Sandro Stikic
  * Darryl Chng

### Apologies

  * James Borrett
  * Josh Yeo

## Old Minutes

  * Missing section that possibly needs to be filled in

## Old Action Items

   * Delan to make posters to sell shirts and merchandise
   
     not done, will do them before Friday
    
   * James to gauge interest for Gundam Night
   
     not done yet
    
   * James to gauge interest for Hack Nights
   
     not done yet
   
   * Nathaniel call PLE for LAN
   
     all done
   
   * Nathaniel to add cabinet/door codes to wiki page
   
     done
   
   * Sandro run a poll for Wildcard night
   
      done
   
   * Sandro do Facebook/Poster/TidyClub for SGM
   
     not done, changed now to AGM
   
   * Delan to formalise the reasons for space
   
      not done
   
   * Delan & Adam to head to Guild and find out who to talk to
   
      Adam has looked into it

## Treasury Report

* https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B3DjuQxrO3TYdDVyYUR2dEtVRUk
* Duration: 24th June - 7th August
* Opening Balance 1,806.90 
* Income $313.61 
	* membership stripe 18.74 
	* pool 167.00
	* lan cash 50.00

* Expense $156.12 
   * lan tickets stripe 32.87 
   * AWS 91.05
   * Lan Drinks 65.07

* Net 157.49 
	* membership ca 45.00

* Closing Balance $1,964.39 

* Bank Balance 1,552.39 

* Actual Closing 1,964.74

* Discrepancy 0.35

### Term Deposit Taxation

* Crux of the matter is, prior to us taking out the term deposit we didn't have any significant income from interest, now we do
* Bankwest doesn't have ComSSA's TFN as well as all of our signatories TFN's
* They have been with-holding the maximum tax bracket from us
* We can prevent ourselves from getting taxed so much in the future by fixing that
* Delan can't find the tax rates for organisations
* Adam suggested getting Guild to help with tax
* Does being non-profit affect how much tax we pay
* How does filing a tax return for ComSSA work

### Bank account signatories

* Currently Jordan, Darryl and Delan are signatories and have access
* Adam also has his token and card
* We should make Adam a signatory on all of the accounts


## Handover Tasks

### ABN Registration

* The ABN registration is in previous committee's names
* We need to update it

### Members

* James and Darryl need IRC and LDAP

## Pavilion Duties

* People are blocking the table more and more
* We could have a roster to check the table
* With a roster we can check it everday or every other day
* We can use Doodle to do the rostering

## Website

* Calendar needs to be updated/checked
* Committee needs to be updated
* Remove references to pavilion (access wise)

## Presence and Postering

* We have a poster from 2015 and that's it
* We need a general club poster, a merch poster and an event overview one
* It would be nice to have "permanent" posters
* We should put some posters in pavilion to promote our events
* We could ask around for people

## ComSSA's Service and Offerings

* We don't advertise our services very well
* PMS currently has too many restrictions to be useable
* Delan wants to unify everything but that takes time
* We should make a list and prioritise our services based on their use
* This should be done before posters


## Past Events

* We need to run events better
* We need to ask people their availabilities before the event
* Before we run things we need to add it into Trello
* Try and use club@comssa.org.au when dealing with non-sensitive information
* When dealing with club@ emails that should be going to committee@ mailman has a feature


### LAN

* We should do it again at the end of semester
* We should get more people to packup
* Services were working
* The fridge worked well
* Setup night worked well, we were able to run it better
* Overwatch and Halo tournaments worked well
* Everynight (once a day) we need to go around collecting ticket money
* Prizes were good (from PLE)

### Guild Day

* Wednesday 3rd August 11am-2pm
* Jordan and Josh setup, Darryl came half way, Darryl and Josh packed up
* 15 signups, half of which were girls
* Went well

### Orientation

* Computing
 * Jordan and Josh went
* Sci Eng Stall 
 * Nathaniel and Delan ran the stall
 
### Wildcard Night

* First one no attendees turned up
* Second one no committee turned up
 
## Upcoming Events

* Try to limit it to Quiz Night, AGM, Adventure World, TFTI, Gundam (maybe)


### ComSSA Talk: Intro to Linux

* This coming Tuesday (09/08/16 12pm-1pm)
* Sandro will be there
* We have advertised it through all avenues
* Josh will be there for the whole event + a bit afterwards
* Darryl and Delan will shill for the event during the UCP lecture before it


### Talks from the Industry

* Wednesday 7th September, 12:00-14:00
* Need to make an event management plan very soon

### ComSSA Talk: Technical

* Week 10 Wednesday  05/10/16, during common free time for now

### Gundam Night

* Delan is running it now
* Facebook event is all done
* Just waiting for stock from Tokyo Underground

### Annual General Meeting

* Around week 11/12
* We need to fill out an event management plan
* All executive need to give a report
* report covers:
 * what has happened in relation to the club under their responsibilities
* Need to make post about candidacies

### Quiz Night

* Friday 7th October
* Need to get the food grant from Guild
* Need to get categories soon
* Delan will MC
* We need to come up with minigames

## New Action Items
  * Delan to make posters to sell shirts and merchandise (old)
  * Delan will look into making events overview poster, and a general club poster
  * Delan to formalise the reasons for space (old)
  * James to gauge interest for Gundam Night (old)
  	* Delan will take over
  * James to gauge interest for Hack Nights (old)
  * Delan go through old minutes
  * Delan talk to #SYSOP to discuss sharing costs and take out a reserved instance for arctic
  * Signatories to give Bankwest TFN's   
  * Delan will try to get the signatory form to add Adam
  * [TODO] \(IRC) Sort out ABN
  * Adam to set a roster using Doodle
  * Delan will remove references to pavilion on website and booklet
  * Adam will update committee members on website
  * [TODO] Fill out calendar
  * Delan will email people for TFTI
  * [TODO][URGENT] EMP for TFTI


## Meeting Finish: 17:54
