---
layout: default
title: Agenda for 2015-07-08
---

## Venue: 314:221

## Date: 2015-07-08

## Start: 2:50PM

## Attendance

### Committee
  * Luke Mercuri
  * Joshua Batchelor
  * Nathaniel Roach 
  * Brad Schoone
  * Jordan Chou
  * Adam Parsons
  

### Guests
  * Jordan Sinclaire
  * Delan Azabani

### Apologies
  * Jacob Chapman

###	Missing
  * Sandro Stikic
  * Darryl Chng	

## Old Action Items
  * Adam: Finish Beepboop
    * This was completed by Adam. Next time we should look to CITS and perhaps by some internet.
    * Luke suggests ComSSA spin up a one-time DO droplet.
  * Adam: Find a new Quiz-Night..Night
    * This wasnt done, and needs to be done.
    *  Talking to them online is really bad
    * Reassigned to Luke Merc
  * Adam: Continue with shirts
  * This wasnt done, and needs to be done.
    *  Talking to them online is really bad
    * Reassigned to Luke Merc
  * Adam: Photoshop some posters
    * Done
  * Darryl + Jordan: Print and put up those posters
    * Done
  * Jacob: Chase up the Joondalup Good Games
    * Unsure
  * Nathaniel: Prize box from Snr Tutor
    * Nazzara went away unfortunantly. However all done
  * Jordan: Doing posters for OOPD event
    * Done

## Past Events

### OOPD Teaching Event
  * How was it?
  * It was good, should again. We had a great turnout and had to open up another room.
  * We need to have a meeting with Mark before hand if we do it again
  * Luke suggests Pizza should be done earlier
  * Need to make sure that we have adequate tutors for the event next time
  * Josh suggest we do one again next semester for UCP and DSA
  * We agree to start organising for next semester. And agree to do the units that are core for that semester

### LAN
  * How was it?
  * Was good, should do again, was very packed.
  * Possible revisit of the committee decision to not having some awake during the event
    * This was the first time we didn't do it, was also the first time
we had things legit stolen
    *  Badges had things stolen, HDMI Cables, lighting cables, and other charging cables
    * Luke suggests we revisit having people awake
    * Having a shift system may need to be implemented.
    * Reiiterate that people need to look after their belongings 
  * Might ask CITS to purchase bandwidth next time, see how much
they'll charge for it (They dont pay for bandwidth, they pay for # of
students)
  * What did we think of networking, movies, console room, attendance, etc
    * The EMUBox didnt seem to get used that much, which kinda sucks.
    * Josh suggests The most used console should be on the big projector, as that will be the main spectecle, and would have sounds.
    * We need to be more dilligent to make sure attendeess dont switch around the AV systems.
    * Luke would like someone to write a script to automate VLC playlist. With somesort of voting list. Using DC's hash XML and Youtube somehow.
    * Brad and Badges said they will play around and look at it, sound fun.

### Bagdes left at 3:08pm, Inquorate, waiting til he returns

### Bagdes returns at 3:09pm, Meeting continues
  * We also need to make sure that speakers are not brought to the LAN, and make sure people are aware of it.
  * Luke also would like the rules to be printed and put somewhere in the LAN, on the event page and the email
  * We also need to make sure people use ONE DESK and ONE MONITOR. No paying for multiple tickets for multiple spaces. This needs to be reinforced for next LAN. As this can discourage attendees from attending, and can limit our capacity.
  * The rules do allow for attendees to talk to comittee if they need more than one table. This should also be reinforced. 
  * Need to stay on top of people sleeping in the console room, we
  have the sleeping room for a reason
  * What did we think of the competitions?
    * Was good, should do again
    *  We need to make sure we change the Halo map for next time.
    * Delan also need to make it a map cycle.
    * Luke suggests making it a VM, so that we can manage it more easily. Make sure that its on a commitee PC because of host advantage. 

## Future Events

### Guild Day
  * First Wednesday of the semester (5th of Aug).
  * We should be there.
  * Emailed Bec and filled out the application, so we are all booked in.
  * Anyone that has tablets or laptops please bring for signups. 
  * Not much planning needed, we dont even need to print more booklets.

### DOtA @2 Comp
  * Guild holding a DOTA 2 Comp
  * They would like us to help organise
  * They would like us to help find people to look over the event and make sure people arent cheating.
  * Brad said he would put up the Google Form looking for people, and thats as much as we have so far.

### TFTI
  * Have we got a date?
    * Not right now, but we will look and get a date right now
    *  Wednesday 7th Oct.
    ### Sandro gets into meeting at 3:35pm
  * Who do we have confirmed, who are we still asking, etc
    * Confirmed
    * James Massey AFG
    * Rob Walker, Thales
    * Maybe we could talk to Bank West again. 
    
    * We could also have Skype Event with Geoff and Erica
    * Maybe we could get to get Pat to come in and have a chat, Brad will contact him and find out.
    * We should talk to Hannes about if we have those questions yet
  * Are we still doing the separate "Gaming-Dev" TFTI event?

### Quiz Night
  * So we still need a new night, and we need to contact the tavern
    *  We still need to confirm that the date still stands with the Tav
    * If we get time after this, we will go and talk the Tav
    *  Jacob said that we may not want to run it on this date because EMAS will be holding an event
    * It was decided that we wont move the event time, as we doubt we will lose attendence because of it, and we wont get another decent rebooking
  * We need to start thinking of topics and questions
    * There is a wiki with some stuff on it
    * Delan needs to be dropped from the mailing list so that his night isnt ruined by knowing the answers.
    * Josh suggests that we have a Trello board for the Quiz Night, then we can all collab the questions and topic and vote on the 10 or so best. That way, we dont have to allocate one person to one topic.
    * Everyone agrees
  	
### Josh Leaves 3:40pm
  * We should use Prezzi or something for the preso
  * Suggestion is that Badges be the MC for the night
  * Luke says we can sort it out later, its not a pressing issue right now.

### Josh returns at 3:42pm
  * We also still have a grant to buy food for the night.
  * We need to make sure we know the table/chair count so we know how many tickets we sell.

### Adventure World
  * For those who don't know, this is handover for the new committee when that eventually happens
  * Its also discounted something insane
  * Need to confirm with guild what discounts are happening, usually both ComSSA and Guild both put towards subsidizing tickets
  * What date?
    * The date is up in the air, as exams are now held on the Fridays of exam weeks
    * Josh suggests we just risk it, and Brad suggests we do it on the Friday of the final week of uni.
    * Brads Suggestion Issue: However people will be working, and students will be in class.
    * Josh suggestion Issues: People may miss out, and we cant really justify that, since it is also handover.
    * Other suggestion is to do it on Saturday the 7th of November, the Saturday of the final teaching week.(If they charge the same/not that much more). We will find the previous costs from last year.
  * Who will be in charge of this
    * Brad will be in charge of this.
  * Catering?
    * We can have catering if we do a group booking with them.

### Hack Night
  * Luke and Badges suggest building a Hackintosh. 
  * We would need to look at hardware, and spend some money on that.
  * So Luke and Badges will look into the parts and a date for this to happen.
  
### ComSSA goes bowling
  * Nothing new as of yet.

## Pool Table maintenance
  * Whats new?
  * The guy is coming Friday 9th July, 10AM.
  * Going to cost $420 and he can do direct debit from the account.
  * The triangle has been stolen, Josh says we can buy a new one.
  * The balls that we bought before has never come due to AusPost, they sent it back to the sender and and AusPost addmit that they lost it, and the supplier has resent a new set.
  * Balls may end up in our box.
  

## Correspondence
  * Did we receive any?
    * We replied to some emails.
    * Should do it again.
    
## PMS
* PMS is somewhat setup, we need to create VMs manually at the moment, someone needs to write scripts to do this automatically.
  * We need to also set up a shell VM on the metal. 
  * IPTables needs to be done, but Badges doesnt know the magic of IPTables, so someone else will have to set it up.
* There is a list on google drive on which ports we want open.
* Also has been suggested to buy new capacity drives for the server.

## Remaining Action Items
  * Brad: Pool Table Poster
  * Brad: DotA Google Form
  * Jacob: Chase up Joondalup Good Games
  * Adam,Brad,Jacob,Nathaniel,Sandro: Hack night organisation

## Re-Assigned Action Items
  * Adam -> Luke: Investigate Quiz Night booking
  * Adam -> Luke: Go to Co-Op and order shirts
  * 

## New Action Items
  * Brad: Contact Pat about possibly coming to TFTI
  * Brad: Contact Mark about OOPD event planning meeting
  * Brad: Contact Adventure World and enquire about pricing
  * Luke: Make a Quiz Night Trello board
  * Luke: Make the Quiz Night Event Page
  * Luke: Buy set of balls and triangle from Mal Atwell
  * Luke: Book venue for TFTI
  * Adam,Luke: Work out budget and parts for suggested hack night project
  * Adam,Brad,Luke: Look into tooling around with LAN content voting system

## Meeting Finish: 4:20PM