---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2018-02-03
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.217

## Date: 2018-02-03

## Start: 01:05pm

## Attendance

### Committee

* Sam Stoddart
* Nehal Ghuman
* Yi Juin Lim
* Isaac Waugh
* Jeremy Ciccarelli
* Christian Brunette
* Jim Dawes
* Jorel Paddick

### Guests

* none

### Apologies

* Ashtyn Antulov

### Absent

* none

## Old Minutes

* TFTI : Atlassian only Sem2 not both semesters

## Old Action Items

* Isaac - in charge of making booklets for orientation
  * did a draft, on facebook group now 
  * still need committee and some event photos

* Jeremy - will get design and costing for laptop stickers, will post in group
  * not done yet, will look into them soon
  * but the member stickers have arrived, will send in receipt for reimbusement

* Ash - contact person to book Grill The Department
  * Sam will talk to Ash about it

* Christian - pick a date for the EY recruitment event
  * not done yet
  * the next free common free time
  * target crowd : mainly first year
  * considering non-common free time as well  (non lectures)
  * OOPD monday 12-2  (can advertise at the end of the lecture, should be able to get a lot of first years)

* Christian - set a date with Delan to discuss back end of databases
  * done, discussing today at 11pm

* Jeremy - renew sponsorship for Altronics
  * not done yet

* Jim - reach out to Accenture
  * not done yet
  * considering not taking on any more new commitments, as we are not quite ready to send out a prospectus
  * will still reach out to them maybe TFTI with Avanad

* Sam - create a google drive folder for photos (poster)
  * not done yet

* Everyone - take a photo for committee poster
  * not done yet

* Sam - get in touch with staff for staff meeting (staff won't be back till 20/2)
  * not done yet, will email Hannes 

## Treasury Report

* none
* still waiting on bank access

## Agenda Items

### Pool Table Maintainance 

* Jorel will be in charge
  * need to talk to LukeM and LukeH about the common maintenance needed

* Nehal will do the money

### Prospectus 

* deciding that we are not prepared for this year yet and will be doing it properly for next year

* need to clear things with guild on whether it is okay for comssa to send a prospectus (check if there is anything that we shouldn't be doing)

### Sponsors 

* * Prospectus 
  * all sit together during meeting or after class
  * need someone to talk to guild
    * will ask Ash if she's okay to do this, as she is more experience

### Lab Posters 

* Need photos
  * passport style, plain background

* Someone organise to print and stick them up

### Monies owed 

* Who does comssa currently owe money to?
  * SamB
  * Jeremy
  * Ash 

## Past Events

* none

## Upcoming Events

### O Week 

* Sam and Ash will be going to give a speech

### Club Day - 21 Feb 

* Booklets
  * almost ready, just needing committee photos
* Merch 
  * Sam had a look current merch that we have, should be fine
  * EY might send some soon
* Availabilities and Roster
  * still needs to be done

### Grill the Department - 7 Mar 

* Will talk to Ash about progress

### Atlassian Recruitment Talk - 14 Mar 

* Isaac and Jeremy need to book room and do EMP

* Advertising

### EY Recruitment event 

* still need to set a date
  * good idea to do week 3 after OOPD lecture (cause week 4 is probably the first OOPD test, and they will rock up to the lecture the week before the test)

### Internship Event - 21 Mar

* Jean will be in charge

* Date: week 4 common free time 

* will need to organize venue and get pizza

## General Discussion

* Discord Meeting
  * we can do it, informally, just to discuss 

* Merchandise
  * Jeremy found some reviews on the current company, not really good, will try to look for other companies
  * maybe cafepress
  * exploring other alternatives of merch
  * Club day: will try to sell our t shirts

* Posters & Presences
  * Jeremy will make a post on facebook this weekend to start 
  * Jeremy will post posters on event on facebook when they're done too

* Location comssa gear
  * currently in tutors office, but some of the committee members do not have access
  * Jeremy will talk to Amy about letting non tutor committee members in tutor's office so everyone has access to the comssa gear

* Sponsors Outreach
  * Jim will continue be the point of contact for Atlassian and EY 
  * Sam and Jeremy can help with the other companies

* Guild is running a club training
  * need to get someone from exec or committee to go

## New Action Items

* Jeremy:  talk to Amy about allowing committee that aren't tutors in tutor's office
* Sam:  talk to Ashtyn  about progress on Grill The Department
* Jeremy - will get design and costing for laptop stickers, will post in group
* Christian - pick a date for the EY recruitment event
* Jeremy - renew sponsorship for Altronics
* Jim - reach out to Accenture
* Sam - create a google drive folder for photos (poster)
* Everyone - take a photo for committee poster
* Sam - email Hannes for staff meeting
* Jorel: talk to LukeM and LukeH about the common maintenance needed for pool table
* Sam: give Jorel an induction
* Isaac & Jeremy : book room and fill in EMP for Atlassian Recruitment Talk
* Jean: Will need to change the contact details for pool table

## Next Meeting

* TBD

## Finish: 1:40 p.m.