---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2014-09-03
---

## Venue: Engineering Pavilion, 215.100

## Start: <time datetime="2014-09-03T03:15Z">11:15 a.m.</time>

## Attendance

  * Callum Boyd
  * Jasmine Quek
  * Kieran Gee
  * Delan Azabani
  * Kye Russell
  * Daniel Brown
  * Jamal Hamdan

## Apologies

  * Alexandra Bena

## Absent

  * Scott Day

## Old minutes

  * No issues

## Treasury report

  * Duration: 14 days
  * Revenue: $492.75
    * Pool was $318.75
    * LAN was $186.00
  * Deposit: $1070.00
  * Discrepancy: -$7.05
  * Balance: unknown
  * Paid Alex for pool table repairs
  * Will pay Tokyo Underground today

## Post events

### LAN

  * Setup was good, no issues with power, quickly became ready
  * Teardown took two hours
    * Trolley is a bottleneck
    * Ask Amanda to borrow her trolley as well
    * Hopefully Guild will eventually give us our club storage space
  * Food and drink handling was exceptionally good
    * No mess was caused
    * Having the doors open was helpful for airflow
    * We should get fans to move air around
    * Extra bins upstairs was useful
  * Tables weren't wiped down during setup
  * New desk layout with 3.5 rows is better

### Analogue games night

  * Everyone left early at about 10:30 p.m.
  * Post a poll on the Facebook group to determine if we want another

## Upcoming events

### LAN

  * Rules for food and drinks worked very well last time
  * Next step: allow canned drinks and bubble tea upstairs

### Quiz night

  * Kye is handling the extra table booking

### Advent calendar world

  * Daniel will call Adventure World over the next few days

## Club merch

### Shirts

  * Ordered!
  * Jasmine needs to acquire an invoice

## CoderDojo

  * Everything is running fine
  * Outreach was *literally* on fire, so Mike has helped out with supplies

## Explosive changes to the constitution

  * All six of the previously proposed changes were positively received
  * Change lecturer to 'senior lecturer and/or course coordinator'
  * Change March 31st to first day of teaching week 1 of semester 1
  * Section 8.1 change waiting on Callum
  * We have no formalised way of creating general policies
    * Policies outside the constitution but endorsed by it e.g. spending policy
    * These policies must not be allowed to contradict the constitution though
    * Kye will look into wording for possibly a new section

## Projector

  * Kieran will look up and send in reviews for the five projectors

## PMH server

  * Buy 48 GiB of RAM for the server
  * Kye will host Gregg's webspace on ling
  * Cheque written to Delan to purchase the RAM from eBay

## Open floor

  * A member is allegedly breaking into the pool table money compartment
    * They will be officially warned by a committee member

## Action items

  * Callum: ask Amanda to borrow her trolley for the next LAN
  * Callum: submit suggested changes to section 8.1 of the constitution
  * Jasmine: acquire an invoice for the committee shirts
  * Kieran: pay Tokyo Underground
  * Kieran: email reviews for the projector contenders to the list
  * Delan: post a poll on the Facebook group regarding another games night
  * Delan: purchase the RAM for the PMH server when the cheque clears
  * Kye: draft a potentially new section for creation of policy
  * Kye: host website for Gregg on ling
  * Daniel: call Adventure World as necessary this week

## Next meeting: Wednesday 2014-09-17

## Finish: <time datetime="2014-09-03T04:04Z">12:04 p.m.</time>
