---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2018-05-26
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.217

## Date: 2018-05-26

## Start: 10.11a.m.

## Attendance

### Committee

* Nehal Ghuman
* Ashtyn Antulov
* Isaac Waugh
* Yi Juin Lim
* Lincoln Short
* Jeremy Ciccarelli
* Christian Brunette
* Jim Dawes
* Sam Bray
* Simeon Leatherland

### Guests

* Jonathon Winter 
* Kai Ciccarelli

### Apologies

* Jorel Paddick

### Absent

* none

## Old Minutes

* accepted

## Old Action Items

### Simeon on Mailing List

* all done. on it 

### Pool Table Equipment

* potblack (jorel and linc) got new tips for $10 
* seem pretty good

### Mid-Year Game Jam

* need setting up 

###Common Room/Informal study area

* haven't heard anything back from Mark

## Treasury Report

* Previous report stands

## Agenda Items

### Poster guidelines

* maybe give more time for committee to give feedback
* if there is a theme, make it slightly more generalized so first years who dont get the inside jokes
* good idea to keep advertising first, jokes second
* get permission from the people we put on posters

### Email communication for meetings/ other official comms

* added everything on clubs mailing list
* so can get notification 

### Isaac needs to give people their money back

* might make a google form to keep track
* signatories finally came

### Interaction between different Computing Clubs around Perth

* between univerisites 
* maybe some hackathon event or LAN
* Nehal will contact the clubs over the break 

## Past Events

### Bowling

* success 

## Upcoming Events

### Movie Night

* all good 
* just need to confirm the time (will be out on Monday)
* sold 11 tickets!

### End of Sem LAN

* Nehal booked room
* Linc sent through EMP
* going well 
* 23rd June (Saturday)

### Exam Revision Sessions

* OOPD
  * 10th June morning
* DSA
  * SamB running it
  * 10th June evening 
* ISE
* FOP
  * weekend 9th or 10th
  * Jeremy happy to do it, will talk to ChrisC
  * will run it consult style as some students expressed interest
* UCP
  * Chris running it 
  * Saturday 16th June


## General Discussion

### Group Chat

* might switch to discord
  * makes communication easier
  * will open different channels for different 
* committe good idea to give actual input when someone asks for it 

### Using the wall command over SSH

* if see students use it tell them its agains the terms of use, account will get suspended. and it is traceable 
* let worried students know its fine if they get messages, not hacked

### Curtin Debating Society event

* topic seems interesting 
* maybe not join 

### Dave looking for Suggestions

* Dave making a business plan
* so if we have any ideas on labs and senior tutors room talk to Dave

### 314.258

* has old posters and old computers
* no one in current committee knows what its for 

## New Action Items

* Isaac - open discord for committee

## Next Meeting

* TBD

## Finish: 10:50a.m.