---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2017-08-23
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Special General Meeting

## Venue: 303.278

## Date: 2017-08-23

## Start: 12:06pm

## Attendance

### Committee
- Jordan Chou
- Jordan Van Elden
- Josh Yeo
- Jordan Yeo
- Luke Mercuri
- Jean Lim
- Ashtyn Antulov
- Sam Stoddard

### Guests
- Jesse Hogan (Returning officer)
- 19 Members
- 2 Non-members

### Apologies
- Luke Healy
- Adam Parsons

### Absent
- none

## Old Minutes
- No talking points

## Old Action Items
- Luke H - Message someone from PWC about TFTI - unsure on progress
- Jordan V - Check with guild if anything else needs to be done for SGM and VP resignation - done
- Josh - catering for SGM - done

## Treasury Report
- https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B44MdpDMxkWrQXR3ZXpHUjZiYjg/view?usp=sharing
- Ending: 2017-08-22 (25 days)
- revenue: $649.64
	- $350.00 - pool table
	- $138.64 - stripe
	- $56.00 - bounce
	- $105.00 - memberships
- expenditure: $2482.80
	- $2182.80 - tax return
	- $300.00 - bounce
- discrepancy: $10.00
- deposit: $0.00 (pending)
- balance: $17343.35

## Agenda Items

### Secretary Report
- 261 Current members
	- Up 24.3% from last years 210 members
- Have held 12 normal committee meetings since the AGM
	- No SGM's and no constitution changes

### Treasury Report
- Summary on tax being sorted out
- Events that were run

### VP Vote
- Attendance: 28 members (including committee)
- Vote on Jesse Hogan being returning officer
	- Simple majority passed
- Candidates
	- Sam Stoddard
- Sam gives inspirational speech
- Voting: Simple majority vote
	- Result
	- Sam - 20 Votes
	- Murray - 1 Vote
	- Invalid - 3 Votes
- Sam Stoddard voted in as Vice President

### OCM
- Several member volunteered for the now open OCM spot
	- Jeremy Ciccerelli
	- Ben Cheng
	- Matt Cheong
	- Nehal Ghuman
	- Murray Lecuona
	- Christian Brunette
	- Sam Bray
- Committee voted via preferential vote
	- Jeremy Ciccerelli

## Past Events

### Bounce
- Success
- Sold all tickets
- Everyone seemed to have a good time

## Upcoming Events

### UCP Revision session
- Sunday 3rd September, 1-4pm
- Room is booked
- Christian Brunette, Ashtyn and Luke M helping run it

### DSA Session
- Will need to organise soon, before next meeting

### TFTI
- 13th September
- Not sure if Luke H has contacted PWC
- Suggested Bankwest, Atlassian usual talkers
- Can ask Valerie

### Quiz night
- Was Connors event, Luke M volunteered to take over
- Venue (Tav booked)
- Need to organise catering

## General Discussion
- Jeremy mentioned that a lot of people have been asking how to sign up to ComSSA
	- Should make that info more public, make an announcement
- Asked about interest in holding another games night
	- Mentioned that a new club (Curtin Tabletop) has been created
	- Could run joined with them 

## New Action Items
- Luke M - take over quiz night

## Next Meeting

## Finish: 12:39pm