---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2017-04-30
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.224

## Date: 2017-04-30

## Start: 2:05pm

## Attendance

### Committee
- Jordan Chou
- Connor Beardsmore
- Jordan Van Elden
- Josh Yeo
- Luke Mercuri
- Luke Healy
- Jordan Yeo
- Jean Lim
- Sam Stoddard
- Ashtyn Antulov
- Adam Parsons

### Guests
- none

### Apologies
- none

### Absent
- none

## Old Minutes
- No issues

## Old Action Items
- All done:
    - Ashtyn - Cloth tape for LAN
    - Luke H - Ice for LAN
    - Connor - Drinks for LAN

## Treasury Report
- https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B44MdpDMxkWrS1g2UDRpMmE2anM
- Ending: 2017-05-04 (31 days)
- revenue: $16,818.87
	- $359.00 - pool table
	- $61.13 - stripe
	- $400.00 - reimbursement (Atlassian)
	- $260.00 - Guild
	- $15,735.38 - Term deposit
	- $3.36 - Account interest
- expenditure: $681.55
    - $26.80 - ISE revision drinks
    - $204.45 - LAN supplies + drinks
    - $334.00 - TFTI catering
    - $116.30 - OOPD/DSA revision session catering
- discrepancy: $0.00
- deposit: $0.00 (pending)
- balance: $18,000.58

### Term deposit
- Has now matured
    - So no penalty on it
- Will wait until tax stuff sorted before doing it again
    - Might be worth keeping it short term

### Tax
- Josh called last week
- Still hasn't been updated
- Might need to send in another form to get them done

## Agenda Items

### Trello Board
- Use more and keep up to date

### Teaching the OCMs
- Bit more transparency
- About new events, aware of how things are done
- At end of year, lot of people leaving
- Maybe in second sem have new OCMs running an event
    - Especially LAN + TFTI
- Maybe have someone more senior buddied with new committee to run event
- Start thinking/planning for handover soon

## Past Events

### TFTI
- Organisation
- Problems
    - Noone really knew who was in charge
        - Everyone kinda helping, some people not helping at all
    - Some miscommunication issues with rescheduling
        - not everyone knew about this
        - One speaker was there at 12 but no ComSSA committee there to help
    - Getting drinks sorted was left to new OCM's (Sam and Ashtyn)
        - Doesn't mind, but would like a little support from other committee
    - Assigning committee to tasks
        - Some tasks assigned to those who weren't available
        - Assign a task to a committee member
            -  Then it is their responsibility to do/delegate
            -  Able to track/chase up
        -  Use Trello board a bit more for this
    -  Need a leader of the event
        -  But also have a minimum number of committee available to help
        -  Events for the rest of the semester have someone assigned to running it
            -  Start making sure these events are viable
            -  Break up and assign tasks
            -  Decide how many committee need to be present
    -  Maybe not the best time for TFTI
        -  A lot of committee were busy
        -  Common free time might not also be the best
        -  But then risk clashing with classes
            -  Mainly avoid lectures
            -  Cover by recording it
- Good stuff
    -  Sean said he might be interested to do it again

### LAN
- Went really well
    - Except for a few people getting sick at night
    - Filled almost every table
        - Maybe look at using top floor of pav next time
            - More expandable
            - Access is annoying though
            - Have to book through Amanda
    - Around 10 tickets didn't show up
        - Mostly early bird tickets
        - But maybe not a big issue
        - Gets the ball rolling
        - Still got max capacity
- Tournaments
    - A lot of people engaged and into them
    - Make sure we test tournaments before
        - So everything is unlocked and ready to go
    - Maybe some innappropriate comments in Quiplash
- Organisation
    - Plan a roster better
        - Limit committee members from having to stay longer than ~6 hrs
        - Try to make an actual roster/poll to stick to
- LAN Semester 2

### Revision Sessions
- DSA Midsemester
    - Turnout was good
    - Security late with doors around ~20mins
- OOPD Test 2
    - Went well
- FOP Midsemester
    - ~40/100 students
    - Tricky to run because its new, but went well
    - Thanks to Ashtyn and Josh for learning Python
- Have a lot of sessions to do next sem
    - Unlikely for Josh Morley to be able to run ds because thesis
        - Sam and Jordan V might run
- Midsemester food
    - Might need more transparency about food for tutors
    - ~$40 per session
    - Emails before session
    - Might not be needed at all
    - Maybe limit to once or twice per semester

## Upcoming Events

### Pot Black
- 18th May
- Luke M hasn't called them yet
    - Will call in next few days
- Sort tickets soon to get an idea of number of tables
- EMP for offsite event
    - Still needs to be done
- Advertising
    - Setting up posters
- Poll will be made for who is available
- Will go for ~2hrs
- Sam will help Luke M organise

### ISE Test 2
- Sam will do
- 21st May
- Same room as Test 1

### Games Night
- Run a couple of fun tournaments
- Possibly last Friday of semester
    - Clash with end of semester bash
    - Check when assignments are due
    - Might be ok to run as smaller event
- Start ~6:30pm
- No cap on how long to go for
- Organise drinks for it
- Bring consoles
- Bring board games
- Maybe try to get pav lvl 3
    - Lots of room for tables / screens
    - Would need someone to go ask Amanda asap
    - If not get room in 314

### Exam Revision Sessions
- Draft timetable out, but wait until finalised before booking
- Try to do the weekend before
    - Also keep in mind tutors that also have exams

## General Discussion
- SSL doesn't autorenew
    - Learn what chron job is to run a script to renew
    - Committee that knows can teach
- Dreamspark 
    - Maybe not worth it
    - Money might be able to be better spent elsewhere
    - But service still valuable
    - Maybe ask a sponsor to absorb cost
- IMC
    - Might be able to get speaker for next TFTI
- Printing grant
    - How much left?
        - Used ~$50 of ~$300
    - Could use our grant more
    - Val requested us to print more posters

## New Action Items
- Luke M - Book pot black, EMP, poll + advertising
- Sam - ISE Test 2
- Connor / Ashtyn - Games night, book room, drinks, advertising

## Next Meeting

## Finish: 3:12pm