---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2014-10-29
---

## Venue: Engineering Pavilion, 215.301

## Start: <time datetime="2014-10-29T10:35Z">6:35 p.m.</time>

## Attendance

  * Callum Boyd
  * Jasmine Quek
  * Kieran Gee
  * Delan Azabani
  * Kye Russell
  * Daniel Brown
  * Jamal Hamdan
  * Alexandra Bena
  * Scott Day
  * Josh Batchelor
  * Luke Mercuri
  * Nathaniel Roach
  * Adam Parsons

## Old minutes

  * No issues

## Treasury report

  * Duration: 14 days
  * Revenue: $464.00
    * Pool was $449.00
    * The remainder was a single cash ticket for Adventure World
  * Deposit: $450.00 (to be completed)
  * Discrepancy: Â±$0.00
  * Balance: not obtained
  * Delan will return the September bank statement to the office

## Upcoming events

### Adventure World

  * A whole two tickets have been sold!
  * Mail received for Daniel
    * A deposit of 15% is required
    * The invoice was attached
  * We have the same spot as last year
  * We have initially ordered 30 tickets
  * Delan will apply for the Guild 'event sponsorship grant' next week
    * Contact Bec for potentially up to $1200
  * Advertise this event harder than anything
    * Put our poster up in the Pavilion and fill in this year's details
  * Signups end on Friday 2014-11-21 at 11:59 p.m.

### Semester LAN

  * Reverse cycle aircons are expensive and draw a risky level of power
    * Tripping a phase is probably worse than no aircon at all
  * Callum will pick up two aircons from Scott on Wednesday 2014-11-26
    * Callum may take one or more members of the new committee
  * Shill the LAN to everyone ever
  * FAL run will occur during the second week of exams

### Weemas

  * Scott won't be back from Canada
    * We can return his aircons after this LAN
  * Kye will purchase the fundraising chocolate and store it
  * Move the start to earlier in the day...
    * ...but no earlier because four committee members + #lca2015

## Handover issues

  * Rewriting nearly everything on the wiki is badly needed
    * Second week of exams
  * Change all of the passwords, unlike every preceding year
    * Delan has been delegated the job

## PMH server

  * Naz spoke to Daniel
  * Networking is difficult and acquiring an IP address is awful
  * Setting up the server after semester would be ideal
  * Delan will see Iain tomorrow at 2 p.m. regarding rack donation
    * 27 RU to be shared between ComSSA and ECE

## CoderDojo

  * Best thing ever
  * Kye will write a page summary of CoderDojo for Yolanda
  * Gregg is leaving at the end of this year :(

## Committee dinner

  * Thursday 2014-12-04, 6:30 p.m. at Hippo Creek Hillarys
    * Everyone is happy with this arrangement
  * All plus ones need to be sent in by Saturday 2014-11-15
    * Plus ones can't be paid for by ComSSA
  * Millie has accepted an invitation as paid past committee
  * $150 ice cream fund is still a thing, by the way
    * Cold Rock was closed last year

## Open floor

  * Committee shirts
    * Jasmine called Concept last Wednesday, they're still being made
    * They will call and text Jasmine when the shirts are ready
  * We need to register the club with Guild during December
    * Kieran also needs to take our membership vouchers to Bec
  * Let's invite Gregg to the committee dinner!
  * Printing a new open day banner with our current logo
    * Our remaining printing grant budget covers this almost exactly
    * Approved unanimously
    * Claire's fist with ComSSA in Titillium
      * Then 'Computer Science Students Association' below that
      * Obviously the Guild logo continues to be required
  * Stickers for our property e.g. the LAN trolley
    * The printing budget is empty

## Action items

  * Callum: pick up two aircons from Scott on Wednesday 2014-11-26
  * Delan: bring in the safe manual
  * Delan: return the September bank statement to the office
  * Delan: apply for the Guild 'event sponsorship grant' next week
  * Delan: see Iain tomorrow at 2 p.m. regarding rack donation
  * Kye: purchase the fundraising chocolate and store it
  * Kye: write a page summary of CoderDojo for Yolanda

## Next meeting: Wednesday 2014-11-12, 6:30 p.m.

## Finish: <time datetime="2014-10-29T11:12Z">7:12 p.m.</time>
