---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2018-03-11
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.217 

## Date: 2018-03-11

## Start: 1:03p.m. 

## Attendance

### Committee

* Sam Stoddart
* Ashtyn Antulov
* Nehal Ghuman
* Yi Juin Lim
* Lincoln Short
* Isaac Waugh
* Jeremy Ciccarelli
* Christian Brunette
* Jim Dawes
* Sam Bray

### Guests

* none

### Apologies

* none

### Absent

* Jorel Paddick

## Old Minutes

* none

## Old Action Items

* eng pav - all good
* sign on pool table - Jorel did it

## Treasury Report

- will be included in the next minutes

## Agenda Items

- Bank access 
  - waiting on an email,  should be up and running soon
- Asset count : 
  - need to go through what we have, update the doc on the drive that keeps track, as some stuff is still with old committee
- TFTI speakers - 
  - Commonwealth Bank - not yet
  - Diamond Cyber - is good
  - Avanade - LukeM and Angus
  - should be good 
  - - EMP - haven't heard back from guild yet
- Revision session 
  - booking the rooms - book through the department (and cc admin of the units to Michelle )
  - oopd -
    - next coming weekend 
  - ise
  - dsa
- Vim talks 
  - almost all good
  - just need to make cheat sheet
- Unix talk 
  - could do one, slides are already up from previous year
  - topics : shell, command prompt, etc
- Cut locks off lockers, new locker rules, registration
  - Bazz - can automate some form of registration through discord
  - maybe not do it this semester
  - low priority but want to get it done
  - 200 lockers 82 free
  - should still advertise to get students to know that they can use it
- Advertising events
  - maybe lack of accountability, event organisers need to be in charge for advertising the event that they are in charge
  - 2 weeks ahead for advertising
  - emp submit to start : facebook event, post on facebook page, facebook group, post in labs, discord (somewhere), final post a day or 2 before event
  - group --> notification but not page
  - start inviting friends 
  - good idea to do a upcoming events poster/corner. print or whiteboard style. Maybe stick it up at senior tutes window
- Tidy HQ
  - with signing new members 
- Committee Access to Safe
  - safe in senior tutes, no real other place to put it
  - maybe put some floats and stickers in one of the lockers - Ash
    - use a combo lock
- Remove old committee from all system
  - dont remove old from drive cause they still contribute, version control is pretty good so still should be fine
- ComSSA credit card
  - too hard cause needs to be in someone's name
  - reimbursement should be easier
- Assign pool table maintenance
  - to Jorel
  - pool is up and running
- WiECD and ComSSA
  - collaborate some events
  - WiECD wants to rebrand to be more inclusive to not just women, and not just engineering(STEM)
  - thinking of joining events for some social ones - socialize, network (e.g. Adventure World, Bounce)
  - Ash - send out dates to Sara for our social events
  - Sara will send dates of their social events
  - will discuss more then advertise to members about collaboration

## Past Events

* Computing Orientation - 20 Feb
  * went well
  * department sees ComSSA as part of them but should be adversary
* Club Day - 21 Feb
  * went well
  * 170 on the day sign ups
  * the single most sign ups in a single day 
* lab clean up
  * thanks everyone for coming in
* Grill the Department
  * really good 
  * a lot of first years
  * SamS got them to talk to Mihai
  * a lot of lecturers came too
  * a lot of staff and student interaction which is really good

## Upcoming Events

* Staff Meeting
  * this week 12-2 Wednesday 
  * Ash and SamS going
* Atlassian Recruitment Talk - 14 Mar
  * jeremy - need to make roster
  * isaac - pizza, bought only 150 worth of pizza, 
  * jean - get room set up, go down with jordan as soon as room is open
  * booking - sorted 
  * speaker - jordan and Dani calling in
* ComSSA On Ice
  * advertising done 
  * tickets already 24
  * tutors push during tutes
  * venue booking 2 days prior
  * aiming for 40
  * roster - jeremy
* EY Recruitment event - 19 Mar
  * organiser - Christian
  * advertising posted this morning - Sam
  * estimated 30-40
  * need to push this hard
  * easy sell to software eng, data science, cyber security students
  * Monday 19th March 
  * don't have to be ComSSA member
  * pizza - organise this week
  * speaker - Ashleigh
  * guild haven't got back
  * poster in the lab - once guild confirm can put up
* TFTI
  * EMP - submitted bit too late 
  * SamS will contact guild tomorrow
  * might need to book a room from the department
  * need one more speaker
    * game development - isaac knows someone, reach out 
    * Val - someone from hive
    * contact SamS if anyone on committee finds anyone
* SGM
  * select new president
  * need to send in EMP
  * need to invite Guild
* revision session
  * Units
    * OOPD
      * Jeremy got a google form set up
      * Amy gonna put up on blackboard
    * ISE
    * UCP
    * DSA
      * Sam B will also upload new edited slides to drive
  * need to do room booking
    * Speak to UC and book with Michelle Cutinha

## General Discussion

* staff can get ComSSA membership ,treat them like everyone else
* Hoodies as merch
  - supplier with good price not good reputation
  - put up advertise to check demand
* ABN Renewal
  - Sam and Nehal will get it done
* President Resignation
  - a lot on plate
  - will help transition things smoothly
  - will start delegating current tasks
  - organise an SGM
    - 28 days
    - need to invite guild
    - returning officer
    - need to advertise out to members 
  - next two weeks business as usual for events
  - handover - bank, events
  - remove him from bank at the end of the year, just add signatory (new president)
  - still going run ise reviison sess
  - thanks Sam

## New Action Items

* Jeremy - Atlassian recuitement roster
* EY posters - christian
* TFTI - get one more speaker (isaac ask game dev)
* Rev session
  * booking rooms individually through department + get tutors on board
  * ISE - SamS
  * OOPD - Jeremy
  * DSA -  SamB 
  * UCP - Christian 
* Ashtyn - set up SGM and EMP
* SamS - ABN renewal
* Ashtyn - send dates of ComSSA social events to Sara (WiECD)
* SamS - check on EMP status for TFTI 
* Ash - advertise for SGM and the roles available 

## Next Meeting

* TBD

## Finish: 2:14p.m. 