---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2014-08-06
---

## Venue: Engineering Pavilion, 215.100

## Start: <time datetime="2014-08-06T10:36Z">6:36 p.m.</time>

## Attendance

  * Callum Boyd
  * Jasmine Quek
  * Kieran Gee
  * Delan Azabani
  * Daniel Brown
  * Jamal Hamdan
  * Bradley Schoone

## Apologies

  * Kye Russell

## Absent

  * Scott Day
  * Jason Giancono

## Old minutes

  * No issues

## Treasury report

  * Duration: 21 days
  * Revenue: $139.00
    * Pool was $139.00
  * Deposit: $140.00
  * Discrepancy: +$1.00
  * Balance: $21171.98

## Post events

### Open day

  * Expecting more computing committee members
  * Overall it went well
  * Lack of communication within the department for roles and starting times
  * Official blame to Silicon Power for ruining Dave's virtual machine image
  * Harrass Mary for shirts early if volunteering through ComSSA
  * A promising amount of female students on the open day

## Upcoming events

### Gundam night

  * Delan, Alex, Callum and Daniel are attending
  * Next Wednesday night
  * Delan will create the Facebook event
  * Jasmine will share the event with the AniCu Facebook group
  * Club members receive $5 off their first purchase
  * No preorders

### Analogue games night

  * Wednesday 2014-08-27
  * Everyone should theoretically be attending
  * Delan will create the Facebook event

### LAN

  * Amanda will allow food except for cereal, pastries, bread, chips or rice
  * No crumbly food or anything that will leave a mess
  * Prevent attendees from eating full meals or chips upstairs
  * Only spillproof drinks allowed, that is, no bubble tea
  * LANs will now end Sunday at about 9 p.m. for the rest of the semester
  * Server and ComSSA equipment minus one switch will be packed up then

## Club merch

### Shirts

  * Curtin Concept was closed during the break
  * Lack of appropriate responses is troubling
  * Shirt order needs to be entered and paid for by the next meeting

### Pool table man

  * They looked at the table about two weeks ago
  * Coin return needs to be replaced
  * Spring in lever needs to be replaced
  * Replace the tape wall
  * Missing rubber insert in one pocket
  * Refelting without stencil

## CoderDojo

  * The first session went without a hitch
  * 78% attendance which is an improvement
  * Had a surplus of rooms
  * Pin designs are available, 5-2 consensus to the second design
  * Raymond will demonstrate on the session after next

## Behaviour at ComSSA events

  * A complainant believes that behaviour at the last LAN was discriminatory
  * Said complainant views that the vernacular used was inappropriate
  * Said complainant feels that ComSSA is not adequately preventing this
  * ComSSA has never been discriminatory towards those who would be offended
    by those words in a serious context
  * The club attendance is diverse enough such that this is not an issue
  * The club does have a lighthearted cultural context in which these words
    are used in a satirical and humorous manner
  * The club isn't responsible for nor can control members' speech
  * Any members who were truly racist or homophobic have been naturally and
    rightfully ostracised, without committee intervention
  * For the LAN, it must be assumed that all content is played ironically

## Missing projector screen

  * On open day Callum tried to retrieve the screen to be used for Computing
  * An email has been sent to all of the executives of the Pavilion clubs
  * We will wait and see what happens, in the meantime we may need to buy:
    * A lockable cabinet that isn't the cheapest at Bunnings
      * Jasmine recommends Stratco
      * Everyone should submit suggestions and their prices
    * A new projector screen

## Sports

  * Last semester ComSSA was represented in soccer
  * Callum was red carded
  * We are thinking of moving to beach dodgeball
  * Callum and Delan are in
  * Six per side, mixed genders, up to four reserves
  * Wearing blue shirts as usual

## Quiz night

  * Delan, Alex and Kieran have submitted their main sections only
  * Everyone needs to submit their main and special questions
  * Delan will create the slide deck
  * Callum will tentatively MC the quiz night

## PMH server

  * The lab would have been renovated, so we may have a space with power
  * Kieran will allow Nathaniel Roach to help out with setting up the server
  * Setup will hopefully occur tomorrow

## Open floor

### Kitchen

  * We will be receiving new cutlery and a microwave
  * Liam will buy kitchen appliances for the common room
  * We should buy a private kettle for LANs only

### IRC rules

  * Rules from the previous meeting are now in effect

### Projectors

  * We should get a new projector
  * It's inconvenient to try and book one from CITS
  * The Mitsubishi is dying and may not make it reliably through quiz night
  * Also the image and colour quality is very poor
  * Reopen the projector thread on the mailing list

### AGM

  * Wednesday 2014-10-15
  * Ground floor of pavilion is taken
  * We may ask Guild through Bec for a venue booking
  * Open up nominations a month beforehand
  * We prefer but can't require people who will stay the year
  * Constitution change proposals before the meeting after next

## Next meeting: Wednesday 2014-08-20

## Finish: <time datetime="2014-08-06T11:52Z">7:52 p.m.</time>
