---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2015-01-28
---

## Venue: Engineering Pavilion, 215.100

## Start: 2:00 p.m.

  * The last few meetings have been very long, although justifiably so
  * Let's try and keep our meetings as terse as reasonably possible
  * Now that both of the LANs and #lca2015 are over, it's crunch time!
  * Please strive to advance on action items before the next meeting
  * Delan seeks more vocal feedback on delegation and coordination

## Attendance

  * Delan Azabani
  * Kye Russell
  * Josh Batchelor
  * Adam Parsons
  * Nathaniel Roach
  * Luke Mercuri

## Apologies

  * Jasmine Quek

## Old minutes

  * Open floor has been removed as a dedicated section
    * Unlike previous years, members are welcome to speak at any time
    * Any rowdiness that may result will be dealt with situationally

## Treasury report

  * Today marks our first high detail report thanks to online banking
  * Until 2015-01-28
  * Duration: 24 days
  * Opening balance: $20360.59
  * Transactions for period
    * Income for period: $1795.80
      * Pool table: $81.00
      * LAN tickets sold: $240.00
      * LAN drinks sold: $178.80
      * LAN raffle tickets: $96.00
      * Guild Sponsorship Grant: $1200.00
    * Expenditure for period: $1114.55
      * LAN prizes: $238.00
      * LAN supplies: $198.00
      * Pool supplies: $21.99
      * Network switches: $657.00
  * Account balances
    * Bank account: $20843.74
    * Safe (cash): $198.10
  * Closing balance: $21041.84
  * Discrepancy: $0.00

## Policy Awaiting Discussion

### Spending Policy: Initial revision. (Submitted)

  * Policy Information can be found here:
    https://theoffice.comssa.org.au/policy/revision/4
  * Revisions 5 to 8 inclusive improve the wording and fix typos
  * No changes to the policy's semantics were made during the meeting
  * The vote count was 6:0:0 (yes, no, abstain)

### IRC Rules and Committee IRC Privileges: Initial revision. (Submitted)

  * Policy Information can be found here:
    https://theoffice.comssa.org.au/policy/revision/3
  * Revision 9 relaxes the requirement that at least one committee
    privilege revoker must be a member of the executive committee
  * Revision 10 clarifies the means by which banned and demoted users
    may have their revocations overturned
  * The vote count was 6:0:0 (yes, no, abstain)

## Past events

### Weemas LAN

  * Huge thanks to Scott's aircons, which saved us while Curtin
    started to pump out hot air across all buildings on campus
  * Networking worked very well (V3 as core, V4 for the side tables)
  * Trunking worked equally well, although we need more Ikea tubing
  * Console room was a hit; we should bring in more games next time
  * Turnout was great before Australia Day, and we sold 22 tickets
  * Ausday should be avoided unless we can guarantee prior enthusiasm
  * The projector content improved over the previous LAN
  * Periods without any content should continue to be further reduced
  * We need to be more receptive to reasonable, ad hoc video requests
  * We need to avoid our cynicism towards videos that attendees want
  * Legitimate requests are often buried among aggressive heckling
  * An online request form should be polished and pushed harder
  * Reconsider the rule that a committee member must always be awake
  * Prior to future events, clearly establish committee attendance

## Upcoming events

### Orientation Day

  * Kye will handle the printing of our new banner
  * Kye will also book our orientation day stall
  * Luke has only one page waiting to be created for our booklet
  * We now have a photo of Nathaniel!
  * No new developments on a quicker signup workflow yet
  * Should we look into #lca2016-style NFC tags for memberships?

### Grill the Department

  * Kye will organise the barbeque booking as necessary

## Meetings

### Computing

  * Spoke to Dave on Tuesday 2015-01-20, and his email is still broken
  * The meeting is scheduled for noon on Tuesday 2015-02-03
  * Raymond is pretty keen to work with ComSSA on his initiatives
  * Hannes will also be attending the meeting
  * No response from Mihai or Aneesh yet
  * Mike is still MIA unfortunately

### Amanda

  * We need to sort out cardax for 2015 members
  * Schedule this for some time soon after orientation day

### Engineering clubs

  * Adam needs to reach out to the new CEC president
  * When are the Engineering Clubs Meetings scheduled for this year?

## Bank accounts

  * Online banking is working brilliantly
  * We've made eight reimbursements to committee members in a month
  * Imagine trying to do that with cheques!
  * Current plan: 6 month term deposit, $15000 principal, 3.50% p.a.

## New event development

  * Pure new events with no details should be assigned to committee
    members, so that someone is responsible for their development
  * Delan has been delegated member teaching and learning
  * Adam has been delegated the watering hole
  * Nathaniel has been delegated hack nights
  * Coding competitions and sports remain undelegated

### NEXTDC tour

  * Tours are booked in groups of up to 8 attendees at a time
  * Tours may run at hourly intervals at their most frequent
  * No final word on fees yet, but it sounds like tours are free
  * Tour guide was initially happy with the suggested 2015-03-28
  * Tour guide then realised that NEXTDC doesn't tour on weekends
  * Delan will continue suggesting alternative dates

### Pot Black

  * We aren't yet sure how many tables we should ideally book
  * An event on Facebook needs to be created first to gauge interest

### Smash tournament

  * Will run during the LAN at around 2015-08-28 and 2015-08-29

## Punctuality

  * Many committee members have been about 15 minutes late every time
  * In future minutes, perhaps record late attendees' arrival times

## Old action items carried over

  * Delan: contact Boffins to request sponsorship
  * Kye: contact Linux Australia to request sponsorship
  * Kye: decide on a set of CoderDojo speakers to contact for talks
  * Kye: print new orientation day banner
  * Adam: email the new CEC president to schedule the Engineering
    Clubs Meeting
  * Luke: contact NetPlus, MSY, Chevron, and ACS to request
    sponsorship
  * Luke: contact Aneesh to ask for details of PDM speakers for talks
  * Nathaniel: contact Tactics, Quality Comics, Tokyo Underground,
    and Altronics to request sponsorship
  * Jasmine: contact Sentient Computing to request sponsorship
  * Jasmine: teach Adam how to order committee shirts

## New action items

  * Delan: ask NEXTDC about appropriate tour booking dates
  * Nathaniel: contact ECE

## Next meeting: Wednesday 2015-02-11, 2 p.m.

## Finish: 4:55 p.m.
