---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2017-11-11
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: Curtin University, 314.217 

## Date: 2017-11-11

## Start: 11:08 

## Attendance

### Committee

#### Old

- Jordan Chou
- Sam Stoddart
- Jordan Van Elden
- Josh Yeo
- Jean Lim
- Sam Bray 
- Jordan Yeo
- Ashtyn Antulov
- Adam Parsons

#### New

- Nehal Ghuman
- Lincoln Short
- Jim Dawes
- Christian Brunette

### Guests

- none

### Apologies

- Jeremy Ciccarelli
- Isaac Waugh
- Luke Healy

### Absent

- none

## Old Minutes

- No talking points

## Old Action Items

- 2018 Quiz night booking
  - Ashtyn has sent through a request to the tav
  - Haven't heard back
- Adventure world catering
  - Josh to check
  - Tickets ordered
  - Waiting for delivery
- Evap cooler
  - Adam to chase up with Nathaniel
  - Tried contacting, no reply
- Discord Server
  - Sam has spoken to Amy
  - On board with removing ComSSA
  - Still have to change the logo

## Treasury Report
- https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vbKJ831NH1fcvDkSmMyWUH5LCMsdXlve/view?usp=sharing
- Ending: 2017-11-11 (22 days)
- revenue: $2079.60
  - $496.00 - pool table
  - $13.00 - games night drinks
  - $10.00 - memberships
  - $45.60 - Stripe
  - $1500.00 - sponsorship grant
  - $15.00 - Adventure world
- expenditure: $3148.60
  - $1837.70 - Adventure world
  - $496.30 - AGM catering
  - $348.00 - ATO
  - $466.6 - Quiz night
- discrepancy: -$17.90
- deposit: $0.00 (pending)
- balance: $16341.28
- PAYG done

## Agenda Items

### Handover

- Jordan C has sent Sam a list of things


- Plan for roles
  - President
  - Vice President
  - Secretary
  - Treasurer
- Induction
  - Sam S will do one for new committee
- Bank signatories
  - Sam has almost finished sorting out the paperwork
- Club registration
- Food handling certificate
  - Will take 10 mins
- Debit card - who has it?
  - Jordan C has one
  - Have the committee's names on them
  - Not hard to ask bank for new ones for signatories
- Assets
  - Old committee have any to return?
  - Keys
  - Beep Boop

### Ordering 2018 Resources

- Stickers
  - Still have some left
  - Will have to get new membership ones
- Hoodies/shirts
  - Apply for grant, if it still exists
  - New committee can decide what to do with it
- Other merch
  - Can get a box from Atlassian
  - Capstone awards

### LDAP

- Where is it currently set up?
  - Noone really knows
  - Not sure who is paying for it, potentially still Delan
    - Didn't change it over to ComSSA's accounts

### Wiki

- Start putting all planning documentation on wiki
- Who has access?
  - Issues logging on
  - Contact Delan

### Servers and Hosting

- What resources do we currently have hosted online?
- where are they?
- Who is paying?
- Again, contact Delan

### EY Meeting

- Does anyone want to raise any specific ideas with EY?
- Sponsorship
- Sam S and Ashtyn are meeting with a representative
  - Push for a cyber security opportunity/event with them
  - Will be good for grad opportunities

### New Couch

- Should we buy a new one?
- Current one may have been bought by 2003 committee
- Will need to look into costs though

### Non-committee Member Meeting Attendance

- Are they allowed?
  - Yes, if they are members
- Would like to start advertising meetings to members too
- Get guest attendance
- Maybe start using the club email lists more

### Emails

- Sam's emails not getting through
- Has noticed some emails bouncing

## Past Events

### ComSSA / CT Games Nights

- Went well
- Around 30+ attendance

## Upcoming Events

### OOPD Revision

- Jordan C
- Today

### UCP Revision

- Sam S
- Jordan C will send Sam RSVP list

### DSA Revision

- Sam B
- Jordan C will send Sam RSVP list

### Adventure World

- Booking
  - Tickets purchased
- Grant
- EMP
  - Done and approved
- Posters and Advertising
  - Revision sessions
  - Whiteboards
  - Email sent out last week
- Facebook

### LAN

- No booking made yet
- Need someone to take charge
  - Luke H had a lot to do with the first LAN
  - Sam S happy to help with admin stuff
  - Sam B and Christian happy to tag along to learn
- Scope - full LAN, or just a games night
  - Maybe getting a bit late now 
  - Might need to scale it back
  - Overnight LAN
- Might be more suitable to run on the weekend rather than the Monday after adventure world
  - Help with attendance
  - And committee attendance
  - Clashes with WACTF
  - Maybe the weekend after that

## General Discussion

### Sponsorships

- Committee members will contact some sponsors
  - Try and contact all existing
    - Some might reach out to us
  - Nehal - PLE

### Pav room

- What assets belong to ComSSA
- Would like someone to point it out
- Also keep using it into next year
  - To have a room protected by card access
  - 205.104

### Coder Dojo

- Does ComSSA still want to support this
- Jordan C and Josh no longer on committee
  - Who were champions of the dojo
- ComSSA doesn't have a whole lot of involvement
  - Just something ComSSA does for the community
  - Help manage the dojo and try provide some mentors
- Advertising at orientation
  - And more to members
- Minimal financial support required
  - Tele has that sorted out
- Josh looking to work more through Tele rather than Outreach
- Will get some more information the committee will have a vote on whether to keep involvement

## New Action Items

- Adam - Keep chasing up Nathaniel about Evap cooler
- Sam S - Keep in contact with Delan about what he is still paying for
- Jordan C - Send through RSVP lists to the Sam's for revision sessions
- Sam S and Ashtyn - Meeting with someone from EY
- Nehal - Contact PLE

## Next Meeting

- TBD

## Finish: 11:54am 