---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2015-03-21
---

## Venue 314.216

## Start 3:18

## Attendance 
  * Delan Azabani
  * Josh Batchelor 
  * Adam Parsons
  * Nathanial Roach
  * Luke Mercuri
  * Jasmine Quek (Late)

### Guests
  * Josh Morley (Google Ambassador)
  * Kye Russell (Outgoing VP)
  * Dominic May

## Committee changes 
  * Kye has resigned last week
  * We need to hold a SGM
  * Delan was planning to do 8th April
  * This is during the break
  * We need minimum 2 weeks notice
  * We chose 22nd April - Teaching week 8, after break
  * Delan will write a new announcement with the new date
  * Exec had a discussion about OCM's
  * Jacob Chapman and Brad Schoone chosen


## Old minutes 
  * No issues

## Previous treasury report 

  * Treasury Period 12/2 to 7/3, 24 days
  * Income $633.01
  * Expenditure $506.69
    * Guild Printing $40
    * Gees $14
    * Dreamspeark $350
    * Digital Ocean $66
    * Grill the Dept $34
  * Discrepency -$1
  * Profit $126.32
  * Treasury Period 12/2 to 7/3, 24 days
  * It was late by 3 days to include new memberships all in one report

## Treasury report 

  * Treasury Period 8/3 end 20/3, 13 days
  * Income $449
  * Expenditure $446.10
    * Drinks $112
    * Movie Night $22
    * ABN $78
    * Iceskating $234
  * Profit $2.90
  * Discrepancy -$40.90
  * Stripe payments changed how we get payed, they take the fee out of our money
  * Discrepancy is also contributed to by weekly payment structure from stripe
  * Makes treasury kinda less clean with non-rounded payments
  * Bank balance $20,601.44

  * Keeping safe balance at $150 
	
## Old action items 

  * Delan: contact Boffins about sponsorship 
    * Not done 
  * Adam: communicate with CEC 
    * Not done
  * Adam: decide on and order club merchandise 
    * Not done
  * Jasmine: contact Sentient Computing about TFTI and sponsorship 
    * Did a draft, sending today
  * Luke: talk to Aneesh regarding TFTI 
	  * emailed him, he didn't respond, this was after the last meeting
	  * Saw him in person, nearly hit him with a vortex, whoops
	  * He said he hasn't done it yet

## Past events 

### Movie night 
  * Should do it again
  * Ponyo was good
  * Lots of people left after the first movie
  * Marathons need to start earlier
  * Was on the same day as a tav event
  * Cits doesn't know the code, but we gave them one, hopefully they wrote it down...
  * Ask Amanda in future
  * Vote 2nd/3rd movie on the spot in future
  * VGA only projector in 215 floor level

### Ice skating 
  * Ice Greating
  * In the future do the friday session, its half an hour longer, they also use the zamboni twice, so the ice isn't really  carved up
  * Grab hats, people arent wearing enough hats :^)
  * Give a list to staff, so we don't have to wait out the front for people to arrive
  * Ice hurts when you fall

### NEXTDC
  * First session 
  * Was really good
  * Vanessa is really cool, did the tour for us
  * We got a free shirt

## Upcoming events 

### NEXTDC 
  * Second session
  * Delan going now because Adam isnt free on the day that got changed on us
  * Done before midday ideally 

### Analogue games night 
  * We need to make sure we have the booking
  * Friday 27th
  * Upstairs is nicer
  * Do a poll tonight 
  * Prefer upstairs for cleaner desks


### Talks from the Industry 
  * Aneesh appears very busy right now
  * Luke try and see him sometime next week
  * We only really have BankWest confirmed, we have 5 talkers coming
  * Each of BankWests talkers have variety in prewritten talks
  * They're sending 5 people
  * We need to know about pilgrim by monday
  * Need jasmine to talk to sentient, sending email by tonight

### LAN 
  * 3rd 1830 to 6th 1200
  * Delan will find out if we can borrow the fans from ScottRyanRyanScott
  * Pi organisation on the lists
  * Console organization too
  * Luke has a 64 plus flashcard
  * Delan halo organization (if we do)
  * Adam flatout organization (if we do)
  * UT2004 - have poll if people would want 99 or whatever
  * Google forms for tournaments vote
  * Adam doing tidyclub email and facebook event
  * Include in the description stuff you /MUST/ bring/do
  * Failure of communication if people arent bringing ethernet cables
  * Prizes: ethernet cable (joke prize, unterminated)
    * Steam cards 
  	* 3x$20
  * Raffle: 
  	* Raffle voted down 2/4/0 
  * Tell staff, ray wanted to know when the next is
  * raymond, hannes will get emails anyway but delan will talk to them personally
  * LANCONTENT done in a form
  * 2 days after TFTI
  * Official dates/times to be called, but likely ending sunday night
  * Will not be handing out ethernet to members this time, never gets returned and people end up relying on it
  * Jasmine can do speedrunners

### Google I/O 
  * Josh Morley: gonna do joint event with UWA, googles idea
  * Its may 29th
  * Josh Morely: aiming for 200 people
  * open to everyone
  * Google does everything, not even the abmassadors, actual google
  * ComSSA to talk to UCC


## Club merchandise 
  * Same committee shirts as last time, polo 
  * spend the rest of the money on 
  * We can order 10 embroided shirts - Get gregg and amanda one: 
  * 3 - 2 - 1 passes (for Amanda and Gregg)
  * Find out how much a single embroided shirt is
  * Waiting for new VP before ordering
  * Get quote for vinyl printing on plain shirts
  * Get quote for committee and gregg+amanda
  * Get screen printing vs vinyle pricing quotes



## ABN and incorporation 
  * We have an ABN
  * AND a business name!
  * Look up the incroporations act 1979 progress in parliament
  * We have public liability insurance through guild
  * Documentation exists on drive

## PMS
  * Spends lots of time doing nothing
  * Lets look into UCC hosting
  * Try and negotiate the root access thing, we can look after a server

## Switches
  * Delan and Adam to check what we have left
  * Dont actively shill them again until post-LAN

## Old action items carried over 
  * boffins ,delan emailing today
  * jasmine dentient computer tonight
  * Luke aneesh on monday morning
  * adam sending greaves the email
  * Adam + Jasmine quotes for concept



## New action items 

  * Delan will merge contacts in tidyclub
  * Delan talk to OCMs
  * Delan & Adam We need to make sure we have the booking for analogue 
  * Someone do a poll tonight
  * Luke try and see him sometime next week
  * Josh talk to pilgrim

## Next meeting on Doodle

## Finish 5:05
