---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2017-02-08
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA meeting

## Venue: 314.231A

## Date: 2017-02-08

## Start: 4:02 pm

## Attendance

### Committee
- Jordan Chou
- Connor Beardsmore
- Jordan Van Elden
- Josh Yeo
- Luke Healy
- Luke Mercuri

### Guests

### Apologies
- Adam Parsons
- Yi Juin Lim
- Jordan Yeo

### Absent

## Old Minutes
- no talking points

## Old Action Items
- Jordan V, PLE emailed
- Luke M has gone to Altronics
- yet to look in to theoffice
- Event/revision outlines waiting on outlines
- other thing done
- stickers ordered

## Treasury Report
- https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B44MdpDMxkWrYnR6U1A5WURJSEE
- Ending: 2017-02-08 (32 days)
- revenue: $1659.42
	- $78.00 - pool table
	- $602.00 - cash deposit
	- $497.00 - cash deposit
	- $14.90 - cash deposit
	- $396.10 - cash deposit
	- $61.90 - cash deposit
	- $9.52 - stripe
- expenditure: $746.04
	- $468.04 - SEP pens
	- $278.00 - membership stickers
- discrepancy: $0.00
- deposit: $1571.00 (pending)
- balance: $3192.87

## Agenda Items

### Ordering Merch
- $750 grant to spend
- what merch to get
	- hoodies? $60 ea
	- VOTE
		- get 12 hoodies and leave $30 - 0 votes
		- get 13 hoodies and spend extra $30 - 6 (all present) votes
	- look same as shirts

### Bloom Collaboration
- want to integrate with workshops
- might give our members projects to work on
- meet with someone from Bloom to discuss any collab

## Past Events

### Meeting with Department
- floor cleaning, not enough money, might have to do ourselves
	- Friday, week before O week
- revision session for fundamentals of programming

## Upcoming Events

### Grill the Department
- hired bbq, waiting approval
- need to email invites to department

### Orientation
- room 500/1102
- presentation on drive
- tour

### Guild Day
- PLE banner asked for
- stickers, membership booklet

### Cleaning the Labs
- next Friday (17th)
- lockers
	- how to tell if noone is using it
		- send out an RSVP?
	- a way for people not to notice
	- too many lockers?
		- many unused lockers taking up space, might be worth moving them
		- wait until we cut the locks before deciding that

### Ice Skating
- $5 for entry, subsidise the rest
- need an EMP

### TFTI
- who to get for TFTI
	- Atlassian skype call?
	- bankwest
	- CITS
	- Valerie could do a talk
	- Stefan

## General Discussion
- EFY O-day in engineering
	- 23rd Feb
	- having a ComSSA presence
- guild induction day
	- Exec committee attending
- Tim donated two SNES controllers

## New Action Items
- Friday 17th, cleaning day, committee
- Jordan C, email Esther with Grill the Department invites

## Next Meeting
- to be decided

## Finish: 4:49 pm