---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2014-05-13
---

## Venue: Engineering Pavilion, 215.100

## Start: <time datetime="2014-05-13T10:30Z">6:30 p.m.</time>

## Attendance

  * Callum Boyd
  * Jasmine Quek
  * Kieran Gee
  * Delan Azabani
  * Alexandra Bena
  * Daniel Brown
  * Kye Russell
  * Jamal Hamdan

## Missing

  * Scott Day needs to check his emails more frequently

## Old minutes

  * No issues
  * If nothing is said by the president in 48 hours after minutes are
    sent to the list, assume they are approved for publication

## Treasury report

  * Duration: 12 days
  * Revenue: $361
    * Pool was $321
  * Deposit: $320
  * Discrepancy: -$41.00
    * Needs to be watched very carefully
    * Kieran to do a treasury next week and empty cash from the safe

## Upcoming events

### Rock climbing

  * We need to shill this harder
  * Talk to regular event attendees to solicit signups

### Analogue games night

  * To be held on Wednesday 2014-05-21
  * To be held in the carpeted area reserved for events on ground floor
  * No free pool, it's in another room and might undercut the event
  * Known attendees:
    * Dilbert
    * Shrek Uno
    * Zombie Dice
    * Siberia
    * Settlers of Catan
    * Tanto Cuore

### LAN

  * End of semester after exams, from 2014-06-27 to 2014-06-30
  * Approximately Friday 4 p.m. to Monday 1 p.m.
  * We should be finished packing up by around midday
  * Waiting on Nicoleta for confirmation
  * Tournaments and prizes:
    * SpeedRunners by Callum (Sanic body pillow or bed sheets)
    * Project M by Kieran (Yoshi plush)
    * Halo: Combat Evolved by Delan (tentatively lolly box)
  * One warning for infractions, followed by ejection
  * Confiscation of food allowed if consumed
  * No food, only closed drinks, no alcohol

## Princess Margaret Hospital server

  * The PMH Foundation emailed us offering to donate a server
  * We currently have nowhere to store the server
  * CITS are known to be previously unhelpful in this area
  * Gregg said it might be possible to house it in an office
  * Jasmine will ask Amanda for possible options
  * Kieran and Daniel will talk to Iain from BTech within the week

## Club merch

### Shirts

  * Jasmine needs our sizes, will email list
  * Will request quote for one line back (position/year)
  * Will request quote for two line back (name and position/year)
  * Will inquire about available fonts for embroidery
  * People with multiple given or common names must choose one

## Unauthorised use of 215.301

  * LAN room currently has cardax for all members, not just committee
  * We should sync up how we're meant to be using the room with how we are
  * Jasmine will ask Amanda if regular members are meant to have access
  * Push for people without cardax to sign up, we shouldn't open doors

## Pool table

  * Delan will email Amanda details of past abuse
  * We're down to one tip
  * $3 each for tips, Daniel will buy 10
  * $9 each for cueballs, Daniel will buy 2
  * $7 each for novelty eight ball, Daniel will buy 1
  * Will refelt over the break

## Membership card

  * Ready to print; sponsors have been fixed

## ECU GigaLAN

  * Two nights desired, currently one night
  * Kye and Jasmine spoke to eskilla
  * Must be in July for ComSSA to attend
  * Jasmine will email eskilla with further inquiries

## CoderDojo

  * Mike seemed pretty happy
  * Anne Fogarty and Jo Ward gave good feedback
  * Tim wants to set up projectors every Friday
  * Jasmine requests a dedicated CoderDojo meeting section
    * At least for the next four meetings

## Meeting venue

  * Due to noise, future meetings are to be held in 215.104 or 215.301

## Open floor

  * No issues

## Next meeting: Thursday 2014-05-29

## Finish: <time datetime="2014-05-13T12:15Z">8:15 p.m.</time>
