---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2016-03-17
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.221

## Date: 2016-03-17

## Start: 7:10PM

## Attendance

### Committee

  * James Borrett
  * Connor Beardsmore
  * Darryl Chn'g
  * Jordan Chou
  * Delan Azabani
  * Adam Parsons

### Guests

  * Sandro Stikic

### Apologies

  * Nathaniel Roach

## Old Minutes

  * Previous 2 need to be uploaded


## Treasury Report

  * https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B3DjuQxrO3TYY2lyd3EwLWhjanc
  * Duration: 12 days
  * Income: $322.18
    * Pool $188.05
    * s21346-12 $110.00
    * cash sign ups $10.00
    * stripe $14.13
  * Expenditure: $79.65
    * water cc $7.00
    * aws $72.65
  * Profit: $242.53

## Old Action Items

* Spend money on LAN (old)
	* Not done
	* Adam can help us buy things since he can't make it to dry run
* Adam to book Quiz Night at Tav (old)
	* Not done
	* Someone just needs to talk to someone at Guild
	* Darryl and Connor will do it
* Adam to make BeepBoop replaceable (old)
	* Not done
	* Long term thing
* Adam will create design for cabinet/pool table stickers (old)
	* Not urgent
	* Not done
* Darryl talk to Jasmine (Thoughtworks)
	* Done
* Delan put a Doodle out for LAN prep dry run (old)
	* Done
* Delan make LAN event
	* Not done yet
* Delan book LAN dry run, LAN, SGM
	* LAN dry run done
	* LAN done
	* SGM not done, need to look at constitution changes before booking
* Delan put a Doodle event for Clubs Carnival
	* Done
* Delan put an event for ComSSA Talk
	* Not done
* Delan talk to Noni or someone at Guild to get them to pay for Dreamspark
	* Not done
* Jordan buy water for Clubs Carnival
	* Done
* Jordan book TFI, ComSSA Talk
	* Done
* Jordan talk to Adam Watkins (BankWest)
	* Done

## New Bank Account

* 2 forms from Bankwest
* 2 sets of minutes that need to be signed by exec
* Total of 5 things to send to Bankwest



## Shirts

* We have the 'bad' shirts (misprinted)
* Proper shirts are being re-printed
* Proper shirts should be here soon
* We can sell the 'bad' shirts
* The ones that say ComSSA can stay, we will have 2 variants

## Past Events

### Guild Clubs Carnival

* Darryl: Was horrible, our stall didn't have anything compared to the other clubs
* 3 people showed up
* Darryl suggests showing things on laptops or some other way to attract people
* We want 'quality' members, members that come to our events
* We should shill to Computing students, e.g. OOPD
* Connor: We should tell people who want to sign up to go to Senior tutes

## Future Events

### Ice skating

* Connor: It's difficult to book, they don't pickup when you call
* Technically not booked, but we have a small number anyway
* With payments, one person will probably have to pay it all
* Delan will call them after the meeting

### Games nights

* On Wednesday 23rd there is a game night
* People shoud bring consoles
* Need to sort out projectors since the room has only one input

### LAN training and LAN

* LAN Training is on Sunday
* Between now and then we need to buy some supplies
* Delan: We need
	* Audio joiners and splitters
	* 2 wireless access points
	* 2 of those logitech 5.1 sets
* Need to buy a lot of stuff and not rely on committee

### ComSSA talk and TFTI

* Both booked
* TFTI
	* Thoughtworks and Bankwest done
	* Delan will talk to Michele and Alison from old ComSSA
* Delan has filled out Google Calendar for Semester 1

### Revision sessions

* We are running sessions for OOPD, ISE, DSA
* Rooms are all booked
	* OOPD in 300.217
	* ISE in 300.217
	* DSA in 314
* We are providing food for helpers, not the students since there are so many


### Rock climbing

* Tentative date of April 8th
* Join event with OAC
* City summit Malaga
* Last time was $10 for entry and harness and $3 for shoes and chalk
* Aiden said he will make the Facebook event
* Delan will do the TidyClub related stuff
* OAC will do the booking for that

## CoderDojo

* Not as many new mentors this semester
* Need to constantly shill for mentors
* We should have enough mentors for this semester

## OCM's

* We need more OCM's to help out with events
* Should be on the lookout for first years or new students

## New Action Items

* Spend money on LAN (old)
* Connor and Darryl book Quiz Night
* Adam to make BeepBoop replaceable (old)
* Adam will create design for cabinet/pool table stickers (old)
* Delan make LAN event
* Delan book SGM
* Delan put an event for ComSSA Talk
* Delan talk to Noni or someone at Guild to get them to pay for Dreamspark
* Delan call Ice skating to check booking
* Delan do TidyClub event for ROck Climbing

## Meeting Finish: 8:02PM
