---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2015-04-02
---

## Venue: 215.100

## Start: 6:00

## Attendance

### Committee
  * Delan Azabani
  * Josh Batchelor
  * Adam Parsons
  * Luke Mercuri
  * Nathaniel Roach
  * Jasmine Quek
  * Jacob Chapman
  * Bradley Schoone

### Guests
  * Darryl
  * Jordan Sinclair

## Committee changes 
  * Jacob and Brad's first meeting as OCM's
  * SGM to be held the week after break, at common free time
  * Public needs two weeks notice
  * Delan will make the SGM event by Tuesday

## Old minutes 
  * We are 2 meetings behind on the website
  * Adam to publish tonight


## Treasury report 
  * The full report is available on our google drive!
  * https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B06Cejf0PWerY2V1amN2dk1kWmc/view?usp=sharing
  * You're encouraged to check out previous treasuries too, keep us acountable, also money is great to look at!
  * https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B06Cejf0PWerMjBpSDJCMExobGc&usp=sharing

### Committee Dinner 
  * Its been a thing for ages
  * Committe goes out on a dinner at the end of the year
  * The fact that it has been paid for by ComSSA is questionable and not in line with the best interests of the club and its members
  * The entire 2015 committee has all agreed this needs to stop and we will ensure this type of embezzlement will never occur again
  * We will do this event again, but all paid for by each individual, of course

## Pool table
  * As our number one source of income, it needs to be looked after
  * We need new tips (Delegated to Luke)
  * Decision made to refelt it twice a year now (as opposed to once)
  * End of semester would be a good time to refelt
  * Note we want rubber pocket liners for the middle pockets


## Old action items 

  * Delan: contact Boffins about sponsorship 
    * Did contact, they did not respond
    * Probably drop it for now, put on the backburner
  * Adam: contact Timothy Hargreaves 
    * Did contact, no response as of yet
    * Jasmine: CEC wanna do a thing with us
  * Adam: decide on and order club merchandise 
    * Jasmine did some research
    * Supplier doesnt do screen printing
    * T-shirts if we got plain unisex, $24.50 includes the comssa logo, 
    * Cool dry (non polo) are $40 including embroidery 
    * Polos will be about $40-50 (jasmine cant find the receipt, embroidery is charged seperately)
    * Polos for committee is Full name, position, year on back + comssa logo on the front right
    * Charge $10 for members
    * Votes:
      * Polos for committee
        * Subsidise at least half
        * 7/1/0, passes
      * Pay for Amanda and Gregg shirts, 
        * 4/3/1, fails (an abstain counts as a no)
  * Jasmine: contact Sentient Computing about TFTI and sponsorship 
	  * Haven't received response
	  * its been 10 days, Will resend
  * Delan: merge duplicate contacts on TidyClub 
    * Luke merged it

## Past events 

### NEXTDC 
  * Venessa was great!
  * Everyone had a great time
  * We got some awesome free swag
  * The first group got shirts
  * The second group got shirts, usb's, mints.
  * Was initially hard to organise and we got rescheduled, but was great in the end
  * people really enjoyed the free event
  * Special thanks to NEXTDC for the experience

### Analogue games night 
  * Was great, people had a lot of fun
  * 2 CEC (Curtin Engineering Club) people came along and joined in
  * Jasmine: We decided on a day way too late, need way more notice
  * 15-20 people showed up
  * We should approach good games, ask if we can borrow games and maybe prizes 
  * Cafe Myriad could be a potential future destination too

### Talks from the Industry 
  * 42 member (non-committee) attendees
  * Went super well, one of our best events so far
  * Delan saved the day with extra pizzas
  * 10 pizzas initially, ran out instantly, got 8 more later, thanks Delan!
  * Bankwest had really nice slides and things
  * Josh doing a thank you email to the speakers bosses to say how super they were
  * Adam Watkins will contact Bradley about "Yow! West"
  * Bradley is going to remind him while its still fresh
  * Could consider doing another TFTI during second semester with Sentient Computing
  * Delan will ask his boss if Diamond Cyber have anyone that would like to talk
  * Jasmine to contact ThoughtWorks
  * Include photos of the event in emails
  * Brad will contact iVec 
  * Delan talking to Rob

## Upcoming events 

### LAN 
  * Bought 2 slabs of water
  * Availability for lan
    	Setup: 
      ** Adam
      ** Luke
      ** Delan
      ** Josh
      ** Nathaniel 
      ** Bradley
      ** Jacob 
  * Starts 6:30

### Rock climbing 
  * In two weeks after the lan
  * Date: 17 April
  * Doing this with OAC, the Outdoor Activities at Curtin club 
  * First week coming back
  * Send out the forms for personal responsibility
  * 1 week before send out the email on the event alerting underage people to fill out

## First aid 
  * Might be worth getting some committee members to get qualified
  * $35 through guild
  * Would comssa fund it?
  * Vote:
  		** pay fully for 5 committee members:
      *** Bradley, Delan, Josh, Jacob, Adam
  		** 7-0-1 Passes
  		** People pay on their own, send receipts for reimbursement

## Meeting guidelines 
  * Delan: We could do things more efficiently
  * Robert rules of order should be used
  * We can wiki it
  * Jacob sending it into the list

## Handover 

### Office cardax 
  * Need to add Jacob and Bradley
  * Need to remove Kye

### Keys 
  * Kye has given his to adam
  * Need to find two original keys
  * Delan will get more keys cut

### Security
  * Delan and Adam will see Sean at security 
  * EDIT: Turns out Sean is in the US :(

### Safe Code 
  * Needs to be updated immediately after meeting

## theoffice 
  * Sorted out
  * Bradley and Jacob added as admin
  * Kye removed from Stripe
  * Delan needs to sign in to Stripe

## Event planning 
  * Jacob brought up
  * Wants to get us to organise the events we put off
  * Workshops, etc
  * Make informal events just word of mouth, otherwise oversaturation occurs and we end up just spamming people
  * Video game nights, Movie nights, etc qualify as informal
  * Consider sub-committees for events and ideas, club aspects, etc
  * Doesnt need to be super formal, but a basic report would be handy to submit during committee meetings
  * Subcommittee for hack nights
  ** Adam
  ** Brad
  ** Nathaniel 
  * Expansion will require additional organisation, Adam suggests we use tidyclub's built in abilities to track meetings and those who raise top level discussions.
  * Adam will also suggest that you submit these reports to the lists and tidyclub as soon as possible, otherwise it runs into the same 2-weekly time frame of getting nothing done 

## X.509 Certificate 
  * Expires on 1st of may
	* Getting errors already (weird, shouldn't happen)
	* OCSP is the server that says wether a cert is revoked, apparently one server is saying our cert is already revoked
	* Delan buying gandi cert
	* $160/year
	* Dropping HSTS (Makes browsers require HTTPS when visiting out website, this has been problematic despite the obvious benefits)

## Open Floor
  * Bradley: What happened to open floor
  * Adam: its still a thing, it just isn't included in the minutes because no one uses it ever, and remains an empty section. Generally anyone who brings up open floor material gets their discussion point made a top level discussion anyway, which made open floor redundant as it was nothing but a feature of the minutes and changes nothing about the actual meeting or its outcomes
  * Bradley: Agenda should go public then
  * This is up to Bradley to put to a vote after further discussion
  * Adam: there's no real easy way to do that without spamming people, and the meeting is entirely open to the public anyway, we would never deny someone who asks for the agenda or to add to it, so at this point in time and for our given format it makes little sense to do

## Princess Margaret Server
  * Nathaniel: PMS (a server donated to us by PMH) needs to do something, it's still doing nothing
  * Adam: With the sudden backflip CITS have made and started chasing people down (IMHO) incredibly aggressively for internet usage, the discussion for hosting PMS off-campus should consider this in the decision

## Personal conflicts
  * Jasmine: We should stop being so nasty to Callum, and resolve personal conflicts
  * Callum running opposing events and calling it RIP-COMSSA probably isn't the best sign he wants to have it that way, but we'll try even harder to resolve our conflicts with him
  * Last thing we want is to have past members want to disassociate with us

## Old action items carried over 
  * Jasmine follow up sentient when you feel its appropriate
  * Adam and Jasmine: shirts

## New action items 
  * Brad + Nathaniel + Adam: Gather to organise Hack Sub-committee
  * Luke: Pool tips and maintenance delegation 
  * Brad: Contact Adam Watkins 
  * Delan: Ask Diamond Cyber about potential speakers
  * Josh: Send a nice email to the TFTI Speakers higher ups :)
  * Jasmine: Contact ThoughtWorks
  * Delan: Make sure forms go out for rock climbing
  * Delan: Sort out SSL


## Next meeting TBC

## Finish 8:34

## Minutes Approved and Published on April 22nd


